I’m drinking like there’s snow tomorrow.
Being creative is not a hobby it is a way of life…
I automatically classify anything over $5 as expensive.
Everyone is entitled to my opinion and I’d hate to deprive them
You can’t handle my undivided attention.
My Viagra addiction was the hardest time of my life.
Just high fived that wall with my face.
Even a turtle only makes progress when it sticks its neck out.
The best things in life are not things.
They think, encouraging, uplifting thoughts positive, and the negative will soon disappear
Unless you’re a jar of Nutella, it’s impossible to make everyone happy.
Time for a fun game. If you had 3 wishes, what would they be? (You can’t wish for another wish, or money.)
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Crying doesn’t indicate that you’re weak. Since birth, it has been a sign that you’re alive.
I’m drinking like there’s snow tomorrow.
I did responsible things all day so tonight will consist of nothing that even resembles responsibility.
Remember: Life isn’t about having amazing experiences, it’s about making mediocre experiences look awesome on Facebook.
Yesterday = Experience ~ Today = Experiment ~ Tomorrow = Expectations. Use our Experience in your Experiment to achieve your Expectations.
Look for something positive in each day, even if some days you have to look a little harder.
I stopped explaining myself when I realized people only understand from their level of perception.
You must be willing to play with Failure before you reach Success.
A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside.
There can be so many people responsible for your success, but only you are responsible for your failure.
Never give up on something you really want. lts difficult to wait, but worst to regret.
May every struggle be kissed with strength, and every victory be embraced with appreciation…let compassion rule the heart.
Maybe i don’t cry, but it hurts !!.. Maybe i won’t say, but i feel!! May be i don’t show, but i care…
Life is a risk, Love is a compromise, if you aren’t doing either, you’re doing neither.
Rain falls because the cloud can no longer handle the weight. Tears fall because the heart can no longer handle the pain…
Grades don’t measure intelligence and age doesn’t fedine maturity.
Happiness starts with you- Not with your relationships, not with your job, not with your money, but with you.
A broken heart is good for a successful career.
Be careful when you tell someone what bothers you…they will eventually use it against you.
Time decides who you meet in your life. your heart decides who you want in your life… Behavior decides who will stay in your life…
Spend life with who makes you happy, not who you have to impress…
Enjoy your self these are the good old days you’re going to miss in the years ahead..
Expect nothing and you will never be dissapointed!!
you are only confined by the walls you build yourself..
This is Facebook… here you can find Fake people but not a Real people.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
If you can quit, quit. If you can’t quit, stop complaining – this is what you chose.
Sometimes problems don’t require a solution to solve them; instead they require maturity to outgrow them.
Sometimes in life we just have to take many steps at the same time because life is moving forward so fast and we got left behind if we keep on taking one step at a time.
Always remember, your present situation is not your final destination. The best is yet to come.
The road to success is always under construction.
If your eyes are positive, you will love the world. But if your tongue is positive, the world will love you.
One must still have chaos in oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star.
You can never solve a problem on the level on which it was created.
An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all.
Creativity is thinking up new things. Innovation is doing new things.
The biggest communication problem is we do not listen to understand. We listen to reply.
Every relationship has its problems, but what makes it perfect is if you still want to be together when things go wrong.
To live a creative life we must loose our fear of being wrong..
Creativity is seeing what everyone else has seen, and thinking what no one else has thought
Mistake Don’t look for the guilt, try to correct the mistake instead..
Never get tired of doing little things for others sometimes those little things occup the biggest part of their hearts!!
Creaive minds are rarely tidy!!
Being creative is not a hobby it is a way of life…
Love the heart that hurts you, but never hurt the heart that loves you..
Isn’t it ironic that the only person who can make you really happy , is the same person who makes you sad and lonely?
No one has ever become poor by giving.
Just because you know what I feel doesn’t mean you know how it feels…..
Be careful who you open up to. Only a few people acttually care, the rest just want to have something to gossip about….
We keep moving forward opening new things, because were curious and curiosity keeps leadin gus down new paths.
Creativity is just commecting things. When you ask creative people how they did something, they feel a little guilty because they didn’t really do it, they just saw someting. it seemed obvious to them after a wihile.
Every child is an artist, the problem is staying an artist when you grow up.
To live a creative life we must loose our fear of being wrong..
Creativity is seeing what everyone else has seen, and thinking what no one else has thought.
An artist is someone who uses bravery, insight, creativit, and boldness to challenge the status quo and an artist take it personally.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Schools kill creativity!! we don’t grow into creativity, we grow out of it. we are educating people out of their  creative capacities.
Life is a great big canvas, throw all the pain you can on it.
To live a creative life we must lose our fear of being wrong.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, bot by the desire to beat others.
Fashion is not something that exists in dresses only. Fashion is in the sky, in the street, Fashion has to do with idea the way we live, what is happening.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
I’m OLD Enough To KNOW what’s BAD for ME and YOUNG Enough To Do It.
If practice makes perfect, and no one’s perfect, then why practice?
Don’t waste electricity. Would you like it if I turned you on and walked away?
When I see my phone light up, I always hope that it’s a text message from you.
Eventually, everything ends. Age doesn’t guarantee maturity. Love doesn’t mean you’ll always be together. Things don’t always happen like you imagined.
If practice makes a man perfect then what perfect practice makes a man?
Why I don’t like some people: 1 %: An actual logical reason. 99%: I just don’t.
Some people are in your friend list … not to be your friend but to spy on your life.
TӨ IMPЯΣSS Λ GIЯL FIЯST IMPЯΣSS ΣЯ FЯIΣПDS.
The more you hide your feelings, the more they show. The more you deny your feelings, the more they grow.
Its December and Couples are dating & Singles are waiting :)
My heart is not a playground, go play somewhere else.
I may not always be with you, but when we are apart remember you will be with me right inside my heart.
Sometimes, the more you hide your feelings for someone, the more you fall for them.
Two hardest things to say in life are HELLO for the first time and GOOD BYE for the last.
No one would ever understand you until they have been in your position so don’t complain and regret.
I don’t know where I stand with you. And I don’t know what I mean to you. All I know is everytime I think of you, all I wanna do is be with you.
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong, and start being positive about what could go right!
Girls who say “a lot of guys are after me” should remember that cheap prices attract many costumers.
Promises are like babies. Fun to make but hell to deliver.
Your life will get better when you realize it’s better to be alone than chase people who don’t really care about you.
Warning :- Never let your feelings get too deep, people can change at any moment.
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.
If you are still looking for a happy ending I suggest you start searching for a new beginning.
I cannot believe you are breaking up with me! Did all those LIKES on your DP mean nothing to you?f
Some people don’t understand how blessed they truly are. Be thankful for what you have rather than focusing on what you don’t have.
Don’t unlock the doors to your heart for someone who won’t even unlock their cell phone for you.
Everything happens for a reason. Sometimes the reason is that you are stupid and make bad decisions.
To make someone happy, give them three things: Attention, Affection and Appreciation.
Life is a game, you can be a player or a toy.
When the rich robs the poor, it’s called business. When the poor fight back, it’s called violence.
Everyday is not the same then how can you expect everyoen to be the same everyday.
People think being alone makes you lonely, But I think being surrounded by wrong people is the loneliest thing in world.
Don’t depend too much on anyone in this world. Even your shadow leaves you when you are in darkness.
Before sleeping, 90% of your mind begins to imagine stuff you’d like to happen. Agree?
That awkward moment when you accidentlly hit send while deciding whether or not you were going to send it.
Every mother on earth gave birth to a child except my mother. She gave birth to a legend.
Pretending to be busy writing when the teacher starts calling on random people.
Sometime it’s all about presentation. The sun does all the work, the moon only presents it in a better way.
EGO is the only requirement to destroy any relationship.
It’s not the mistake that matters; it’s how you deal with it, what you learn from it, and how you apply that lesson to your life.
Dear Heart, please stop getting involved in everything. You job is to pump blood. That’s it.
How will you know if it’s the right decision if you never make it.
If the last page of your notebook is blank, you surely lack creativity. :)
Old Saying … Think before you speak. New saying … GOOGLE, before you post.
Be crazy. Be stupid. Be Silly. Be weird. Be whatever because life is too short to be anything but happy.
Why is it called lipstick if you can still move your lips?
Feeling perfectly happy being single, untill you see a happy couple.
Never assume that someone likes you by their sweetness. Sometimes you are just an option when they are bored.
Worry is a total waste of time. It doesn’t change anything. All it does is steal your joy and keep you very busy doing nothing.
When someone doesn’t like something, it’s often because they are not familiar with it, or they are too familiar with it.
Love has 4 letters, but so does hate; Truth has 5 letters, but so does lying; Friends has 7 letters, but so does enemies.
The best revenge is just moving on and getting over it. Don’t give someone the satisfaction of watching you suffer.
My home is in heaven. I am just traveling through this world.
ANGER is only one letter short of DANGER.
One of the secrets of a long and fruitful life is to forgive everybody every night before you go to bed.
You may not end up where you thought you would be, but you always end up where you are meant to be.
Never allow yourself to become one of those people who, when they are old, tell you how they missed their chances.
You want to see a perfect relationship? Watch a movie.
You can’t always be nice. That’s how people take advantage of you. Sometimes you have to set your boundaries.
Words are seeds. They land in our hearts. Be careful what you plant and careful what you say. You might have to eat what you planted one day.
Create happiness in life by enjoying simple things in this complicated world.
The best revenge is moving on and getting over it…. Don’t give someone the satisfaction of watching you suffer.
I want someone who is …. DTF ………….Dedicated Trustworthy & Faithful.
You become like the 5 people you spend the most time with. Choose carefully.
Never give up on a dream just b’coz of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.
Sometimes you tell someone to never call you again and then the phone rings and you hope it’s them …. Its the most twisted logic of all time.
That awkward moment when you want to talk but your friend won’t shut up.
Everyone says that love hurts, but thats not true. Loneliness hurts, rejection hurts, losing someone hurts. Everyone confuse these things with love.
That awkward moment when you finish a math problem and your answer is not even one of the choices.
Good, Better, Best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best.
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are always asking, what’s in it for me?
Real beauty lies not in the physical appearance, but in the heart.
EGO is the only requirement to destroy any relationship. So SKIP the E and Let it GO.
Sometimes the wrong choices bring us to the right places.
The worst feeling is when you smile at your crush, but they don’t even acknowledge your existence.
Think positive and positive things will happeen.
Nobody has a perfect life. Everybody has their own problems. Some people just know how to deal with them without revealing it.
Let go of those who bring you down and surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you.
The bad news is nothing is permanent …..and…. the good news is nothing is permanent :)
Don’t do something permanently stupid just because you are temporarily upset.
I have many problems in my life but my lips don’t know about those problems. They always smile.
Just because someone hurt you yesterday doesn’t mean you should start living life today in constant fear of being hurt tomorrow.
I don’t believe in love at first sight, b’coz it means you are falling in love with someone’s appearance, not personality.
Life is so stupid an ordinary person makes us smile and a very special person always makes us cry but still we care for the special one.
The biggest lie I tell meself: I don’t need to write that down, I’ll remember it.
Nothing is wrong if it feels good :)
Keep correcting your little mistakes, B’coz nobody slips down by hills, but just slips by little stones.
Mistakes are a part of life. If you don’t make them, you will never learn. If you never learn, you will never improve.
When it seems like nobody cares, God cares. When it seems like nobody is there for you, God is ready to listen.
Don’t use your words to describe the situation. Use your words to change the situation.
Monsters are real and ghosts are real too. They live inside us and sometimes they win.
If things are happening according to your wish, then you are lucky. But if they are not, you are very lucky. Because they are happening according to GOD’s will.
Whatever you do, good or bad, people will always have something negative to say.
When you know it’s real when you know it’s right, don’t let anything stand in your way.
When someone really loves you, they dont have to say it, you know just by the way they treat you.
Any woman can fool a man if she wants to and if he’s in love with her.
When writing the story of your life, don’t let anyone else hold the pen.
Sometimes, before shooting for the stars, one must shoot in their surroundings at those that seek to distract aim.
All relationships have problems. It just all depends if you two are strong enough to get through them together.
The first person that you think of in the morning and the last person you think of in the night is either the cause of your happiness or the cause of your pain.
Laugh as much as you breath and love as much as you live.
Today is the oldest you’ve even been and the youngest you’ll ever be again.
Every little lie you lie brings us closer to goodbye.
The person who loves you more will fight with you daily without any reason but whenever you are sad that person will fight with the world to end your sadness.
Real men stay faithful. They don’t have time to look for another woman b’coz they are too busy looking for new ways to love their own.
Being someone’s first love may be great, but to be their last is beyond perfect.
Love is a fire but whether it’s going to warm your hearth or burn down your house, you can never tell.
A real man never stops showing his girl how much he loves her even after he has her.
Nobody wants to hear this but sometimes the person you want most is the person you are best without.
Some people are like trees, they take forever to grow up.
You can’t start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one.
My love for you is like a ring; it has no beginning and no end.
Dear LOL, Thanks for being there when I have nothing else to say.
Dear PAST, thank you for all the lessons. Dear FUTURE, I’m now ready.
You can’t have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time.
If Saturday and Sunday dont excite you, then change your friends & If Monday does not motivate you, then change your profession.
Friends, Health & Love. These things don’t come with price tags but when we lose then we realize the COST.
A rumor goes in one ear and out of many mouths.
Last time I looked at my keybord, I noticed that U and I are allways together.
The most valuable asset you will ever have is your mind and what you put into it.
Rain falls b’coz the sky can no longer handle its weigh just like tears fall b’coz heart can no longer handle the pain.
What doesn’t  kill you only makes you stronger.
Some people are going to leave but that’s not the end of your story. That’s the end of their part in your story.
A woman either loves or hates; she knows no medium.
Its funny how girls run from the guys who try to make them happy and fight for the ones who make them cry.
Only the person who has faith in himself is able to be faithful to others.
If you want success, then dont rely on other people to do what you can also do.
The language of friendship is not words, but meanings.
I hate it when my friends change just because that meet new people.
When you give lot of importance to someone in your life, you lose your importance in their life.
Past can hurt but you can either run from it or learn from it.
Love is on the lips of many but in the hearts of few.
They say a picture is worth a thousand words but when I look at yours, Im speechless.
Anger is a feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your MIND.
I wish I was as smart as I think I am.
Experience is a cruel teacher. It gives you exam first and lesson later.
I hate it when you are super excited for something and everything goes wrong.
Dear GOD, My prayer for 2012 is a FAT bank account and THIN body. Please don’t mix up these like you did last year.
Does a book work as a sleeping pill for you as well?
Everyone deserves a 2nd chance, not for repeating mistake but for correcting …..
TRUST …. Need years to earn and seconds to break.
The most valuable places to be in the world are in someone’s THOUGHTS, in someone’s PRAYERS and in someone’s HEART.
YOU want it? Then FIGHT for it.
It’s easy to fool the eye but it’s hard to fool the heart.
Awkward moment when you wave and smile at someone but they dont see you.
I am perfectly happy being single ….. Until I see a happy couple :(
One of the simplest ways to stay happy is … letting go of the things that makes you sad.
Sometimes the best way to get someone’s attention is to stop giving them yours.
Men forget but never forgive. Women forgive but never forget.
LOVE Cycle: Strangers –> Friends –> Best friends –> Lovers –> Heart Break –> Strangers
SINGLE is not a relationship status. Its a word describing your loneliness. If you ask me, yes I’m SINGLE.
If you love someone, you better prove it. Because LOVE is not a noun to be defined but a verb to be acted upon.
A relationship without trust is like a car without gas. You can stay in it but it won’t go anywhere.
Love starts with “You are DIFFERENT” and ends with “You are all the SAME”. RIGHT?
Sorry, I dont have time to hate you as much as you hate me b’coz Im busy Loving the people that love me.
Dont believe the doubted one and dont doubt the believed one.
If you chase two rabbits, both will escape.
Lets just pretend ITS FRIDAY :)
I can’t, but together we can
Don’t let your dreams just be DREAMS!
I have had a horribly busy day converting OXYGEN to CARBON DIOXIDE.
We live in the era of smart phones and stupid people.
People change and forget to tell each other.
I hate how Monday is so far away from Friday and Friday is so close to Monday.
If things are sent by ship then its a cargo and if its sent by road then its a shipment.
In women everything is heart, even the head.
Success is like being pregnant. Everybody congratulates you, But nobody knows how many times you were ****** before you got there.
The real trouble with reality is that there’s no background music.
Why does life keep teaching me lessons I have no desire to learn?
If at first you don’t succeed blame someone else and seek counsling.
Silence is text easy to misread.
When you cant do anything else, LAUGH.
Tell me who your friends are and I will tell you who you are.
Teaching is the profession that creates all others.
Dont let your future be based on someone elses past.
Win as if you are used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change.
If a relationship is to evolve, it must go through a series of endings.
At last! I finally found the perfect girl :)
You can live without a person who says YOU ARE FINE. But you can’t live without person who says IM YOURS.
Instead of loving your enemies, treat your friends a little better.
Lets find some beautiful place to get lost.
Keeping a place for me in ur heart is ok, but keeping a place for me in your mind might be dangerous because people say… I am Mind Blowing.
I taught you everything you know but not everything I KNOW.
If you want your dreams to come true, DONT SLEEP!
A kiss without a hug is like a flower without the fragrance.
The Cutest Proposal of the world from a cute girl to a boy… Girl : “Hey, I have lost my Surname.. Can I use Yours”
If a man wants you, nothing can keep him away. If he doesn’t want you, nothing can make him stay.
I remember everything I choose to forget.
The sad moment when you see your ex and they act like you don’t even exist.
Life is a puzzle game, you just need to find the right pieces.
One of my biggest mistakes…  is having high expectations of certain individuals.
He stole my heart…So I stole his last name.
Waiting is painful, forgetting is painfull but not knowing which to do is the worst kind of suffering.
When life gives you question, just google the damn thing!
“An average person, lies 10 times a day. And the most common lie is “I AM FINE”.
Mission one accomplished, I woke up.
Sometimes the last thing you want to hear is the first thing you need to hear.
Your LIFE is a PUZZLE, don’t waste your time trying to place ppl where they don’t fit.
Always have a smile on your face. Never give anyone the satisfaction of seeing you down.
God, if I can’t have what I want, let me want what I have.
Good decisions come from experience, and experience comes from bad decisions.
Pain never really goes away; you just elevate and get used to it by growing stronger.
Being sad with the right people is better than being happy with the wrong ones.
You laugh at me because I am different, I laugh at you because you are all the same.
I have honestly tried to let you go, I have honestly tried to forget you, I have honestly tried not to think of you but I honestly can’t cause I honestly don’t want to.
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
I hope to be just famous enough to one day have two people I’ve never met debate whether I’m alive or dead.
Time is like money: you can either spend, waste, or invest!
Being real is like being a lady… if you have to tell people you are… you are not.
Are all the men in this place shy?
I speak two languages, Body and English.
– The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
If you love someone put their name in a circle not a heart because hearts can break but circles go on.
Women marry men hoping they will change. Men marry women hoping they will not. So each is inevitably disappointed.
Life is 10% what you make it, and 90% how you take it.
We have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is to be needed.
Goodbye without reasons is the most painful one. Love without reasons is the most beautiful one.
Trust is like an eraser. It gets smaller with every mistake you make.
Never fear shadows, that always means there is a light shining somewhere.
Sometimes the strongest people in the morning, are the ones that cry themselves to sleep at night.
Sometimes our hearts lead us to places we may be afraid to go and yet sometimes we just need to “follow our hearts”.
Real people aren’t perfect. Perfect people aren’t real. Learn to look for the good things without expecting perfection.
Write your sad times in the sand so the pain will wash away and write your happy times in stone, so the memories will never fade.
Says “Don’t consider past mistakes regrets, consider them as lessons learned.
Know your worth, stand your ground and never settle for less than you deserve.
Never be dependent to anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when you’re in darkness.
What consumes your mind, control your life.
Sometimes I just smile to cover up the pain. Sometimes I just laugh to cover up the hurt. But whether I smile or laugh, I can never hide what I really feel.
It doesn’t matter how many times you fall, what counts is how many times you stand up again.
Cant find a status that matches my mood at this very moment.
There are stories behind my smile and only few people knows about it.
In the end, its about being proud of yourself for being where you are now.
Our life are defined by opportunities, even the ones we miss.
Life is unfair but sometimes it is unfair in our favour.
That awkward moment when your kindness is mistaken with flirting.
Everything is easy when you`re busy, nothing is easy when you`re lazy…
Freedom is not a license to do everything..
Sometimes we need to stop analyzing the past, stop planning the future, just live your life & make the best of it.
Avoid negative people to stay positive.
The best thing about waiting is having what you really deserve.
The past was never a mistake if you learned from it..
Remember there is someone for everyone..
If your in my place what would you do??
Pressure makes diamonds.
Second chances don`t always mean a happy ending.
People ask me why i don’t trust others.. if only i could tell you.
Unless you have lived through what i have, don’t judge the actions i have taken. And i promise you, you don’t know the half of it.
Cheer up, the worst is yet to come.
Men only have two faults, what they do, and what they say..
Grounded for so long, i think it’s time to now fly.
Do not stress the things you can not change cause we create our tomorrow by what we do today
would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status sharing how you met me. But I want you to LIE
I am not weird I just find creative ways to entertain myself
Words mean very little, but actions mean everything. Don’t just say it, show it.
Thinks you should never take life too seriously no one ever makes it out alive! so just chill out..
You can’t handle my undivided attention.
Like this if you like to like things.
If they talk to you about somebody, they will talk to somebody about you.
The only way to accept an insult is to ignore it. If you cant ignore it, than top it. If you cant top it, then laugh at it. If you cant laugh, you deserved it.
You can only hold on to someone for so long then you have to make a choice, let them go or let them pull you down..
When people expect you to fail, prove them wrong..
Here is the test to find whether your mission on Earth is finished, if you’re alive, it isn’t.
Don’t judge me until you have lived my life and have experienced all the things I have gone through. Then you can make your decision about what you think of me.
If you wait to be happy you will wait forever, but if u start to be Happy you will be happy forever..
The longer you wait for something, the more you appreciate it when you get it, because anything worth having is definitely worth waiting for…
Before you assume, learn the facts. Before you judge, understand why. Before you hurt someone, feel. Before you speak, think.
Life is like a book. Some chapters sad, some happy, and some exciting. But if you never turn the page, you will never know what the next chapter holds.
Relationships last long because two brave people made a choice, To keep it, to fight for it and to work for it.
Did you ever have the feeling that you wanted to go & still have the feeling that you wanted to stay?
It’s true that we don’t know what we’ve got until we lose it, but it’s also true that we don’t know what we’ve been missing until it arrives.
Never underestimate the power of your actions. With one small gesture you can change a person’s life. For better or for worse.
Choose to be happy.
Life is tough. It’s even tougher if you’re stupid.
Do not try to live forever. You will not succeed.
Decisions are the hardest move to make. Especially when its a choice between where you should be and where you want to be.
Strength is looking back and seeing what you have been through and knowing you were strong enough to make it through.
I think, therefore I am.
Begin at the beginning and go on till you come to the end then stop.
Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it.
Think positive, encouraging, uplifting thoughts, and the negative will soon disappear.
Life is tough. It’s even tougher if you’re stupid.
You will laugh because you feel like a fool…
Your tongue can not reach all your teeth.
Your eye is the only part you can not wash with soap.
True Love is a friendship set on fire.
Says the only constant is change, except from a vending machine.
Working for the weekend, like everybody…
Men are like parking spots, the good ones are taken and the free ones are handicapped..
I am on the “Starts tomorrow” diet.
Thinks it was something he ate.
Put the bom in the bom sha-bom bom, but lays no claim to the ram in the ramalama ding dong.
Is posting on Twitter that he is updating his Facebook status update.
Tried, Tested, and TRUE. And to think I thought DIFFERENT..
If Pigs could fly there wouldn’t be any men on the ground.
