Make love, not war. Hell, do both. Get married
Talk is cheap, but that’s ok, so are you.
You’re my everything, today and always.
If you think someones status is about you; you must be guilty!
Work is the soul of a genius, the talent of a heart, and the inner fire any talent.
Life is too short and pointless to waste it on hating other people.
Sometimes all you need is love. Lol, just kidding, you need money. :’).
The whole world is great! That is…until you wake up.
The best thing to do when you are single is to create a loving relationship with yourself before deciding to commit yourself with somebody else.
Love is like two people having a rubber band is pulled, so when a person stops going, is the person who carried out this hurts ..
The one who gets so upset when they are confronted with the facts is ALWAYS …The one who was guilty.
It’s funny how you can still love a person, but you stop needing them like you used to.
That awkward moment when you’re trying to ignore a call and accidentally answer it.
You’ll never find a rainbow if you are looking down.
Work is the soul of a genius, the talent of a heart, and the inner fire any talent.
Death is so beautiful, it just takes your breath away.
Relation and Medicine both have same work of help n care us during pain.. …. . . . But the difference is that the Relation does not have expiry date……………
Yes, I agree. Mums can find everything. Except for the ringing phone in their bags!
if someone is really in to you, yu don’t have to keep begging them for a text, call or or to spend time, they’ll do it if you’re priority..
People who judged her by her looks alone, missed her, completely.
Misunderstood is all my heart has ever been, even though all it wants to do is love.
I’m Sorry i can’t give you a shoulder to cry, i would rather love to stand by you and make you fight again.
Be the reason she smiles, Not the reason she can’t love again.
Every girl deserves a guy who looks at her everyday like it’s the first time he saw her
i’m a girl who doesn’t expect expensive things in a relationship. I’m fine with going out in a field, laying down on a blanket and looking up the stars..
Getting a lot of girls isn’t something you should be proud of. Keeping one is
Be with someone who’s willing to lose sleep for you. But most of all, just be with someone who’ll always make time for you, no matter what time of day it is.
i am willing to fight for love.. i always have been. But before i signup for the war, i need to make sure I’m fighting for a warrior… not a deserter…
Accept your past without regret, handle your present with confidence and face your future without fear.
Don’t take advantage of people who love you :)
Life is like photography, you use the negatives to develop.
I enjoy when people show Attitude to me because it shows that they need an Attitude to impress me!
True friends are like diamond, when you hit them they do not break, they only slip away from your life
No matter how long you know someone, they eventually show their true colors.
It takes nothing to join the crowd. It takes everything to stand alone.
No matter how long you have traveled in the wrong direction, you can always turn around.
Be yourself. People may or may not like you, but it’s important that you stay true to who you are..
The only difference between a good day and a bad day is your attitude.
Love marriage is like dancing in front of snake and asking him to bite.
I don’t need to explain myself, I know I’m right.
i am that type of douchebag friend who doesn’t talk with you for weeks but still cares about you and hopes you still care too .
Hatred is the coward’s revenge for being intimidated.
Blessed is he who talks in circles, for he shall become a big wheel.
Be a girl with a mind, a bitch with an attitude, and a lady with class.
Give yourself a hug, and while you are embracing yourself, use that time to hold yourself together
We all have to have something to hold on to, even if it’s our own torso.
I just invented a hug machine. It’s solar powered so you can use it when you feel depressed, like on a cloudy day. Shit.
Make it simple and short, no one likes a super long paragraph to read with a selfie and most social media sites limit the text to less than a normal sentence length. Think of something with less than 10 words ideally.
Your time is precious. Don’t waste it on someone who doesn’t realize you are, too.
Trust yourself you’ve surevived a lot, and you’ll survive whatever is coming.
When I’m waiting in a line for something, I hate everyone in front of me. Everyone behind me is cool.
There are days that make you feel like there is no happiness on the horizon.
waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering….
Thank you to every person who has ever told me i can’t. You are just another reason i will.
My attitude based on how you treat me. Best Attitude Status For Facebook
The pain you feel today is the strength you feel tomorrow. In every challenge encountered there is opportunity for growth.
Always remember pain makes people change, So don’t hurt them when you don’t want them to change.
Dear crush,please fall in love with me :* <3
More expectations break relations!
A woman needs a man like a fish needs a net.
If you want to make your dreams come true, The first thing you have to do is wake up.
Thinking of you is easy, I do it every day. Missing you is the heartache that never goes away.
Something i learned about people… if they do it once, they’ll do it again…
Every time enjoy your bad habits… Amazing statuses for your facebook or whatsapp
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better.
This is an excellent time for you to become a missing person.
Just because I laugh when I’m angry doesn’t make me crazy. It just mean you may want to rethink things on your end.
Life is very short to argue and fight. Count your blessings, value your friends and move on with your head held high and a smile for everyone.
If you want to make your dreams come true, The first thing you have to do is wake up. Best and Amazing Facebook Statuses
Time, you can’t keep it, but you can spend it.
A sad person may not know what happiness is. But a happy person knows what sadness is. He has been through it and chose happiness.
The body is like a piano, and happiness is like music. it is needful to have the instrument in good order. ~ Henry Ward Beecher
You pull me down to your level, and then you beat me by experience!!
Before you go pointing your fingers at someone else, you may want to make sure your own hands are clean..
Everybody deserves somebody who makes them look forward to tomorrow…
Sometimes it’s only after you leave a situation that you realize you shouldn’t have been in it to begin with.
Laughter is timeless, imagination has no age, and dreams are forever…
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other…
If you always do what you’ve always done, you’ll always get what you always got, and you’ll always feel what you always felt.
Only those who care about you can hear you when you’re quiet…
Sometimes it’s better just to remain silent and smile!
You are not free until you have no need to impress anybody…
Nothing hurts more than being disappointed by the single person you thought would never hurt you…
Without wearing any mask we are conscious of, we have a special face for each friend…
Silent people have the craziest minds..
Often the people who are hardest to love the ones who need it the most…
I respect those that tell me the truth, no matter how hard it is…
Learn to love without condition. Talk without bad intention Give without any reason. And most of all, care for people without any expectation..
If you’re giving your best to someone and it’s not good enough for them, you’re giving your best to the wrong person…
Don’t take people for granted. No matter how much they love you, people get tired eventually.
If you truly love someone, then the only thing you want for them is to be happy. Even if its not with you…
Don’t compare your love sotry to those you watch in movies. They’re written by scriptwriters, yours is written by God..
No matter who tries to teach you lessons about life, you won’t understand it until you have to go through it on your own..
Sometimes life doesn’t give you something you want, not because you don’t deserve it, but because you deserve more…
Never stop believing in hope because miracles happen everyday….
you can only do your best. and if they can’t appreciate that, it’s their problem, not yours…
No body is too busy, it’s just a matter of priorities..
Deart God, I want to take a minute, not to ask for anything from you but simply to say thank you, for all have…
Being single is better than being is a relationship with someone who fills your heart with doubt..
It is not how big the house is, it is how happy the home is…
Someday you’ll get there. To the place you’ve always wanted to be..
When you forgive, you don’t change the past. You change the future..
Life has many different chapters for us. One bad chapters doesn’t mean it’s end of the book.
Soft and kind hearted peoples are not fools. They know what people did to them, but they forgive again and again because they have beautiful hearts…
If someone says bad about you, you start feeling bad.  If someone says good about you, you start feeling good.  Don’t give your remote control to others, keep it with you,  Because Not the Others But Only you know What you really are.
your best teacher is your last mistake!!
God has a bigger plan for me than i have for myself…
One day, someone will be 100% honest with you, and will love you forever. Don’t give up trying to find them, they are looking for you too.
Life is best for those who enjoy it, difficult for those who analyze it and worst for those who criticize it, out attitude defines our lives..
With great pain comes great change. If you’re not ready to change, then you’re not in enough pain
Each night i put my head to my pillow i try to tell myself i’m strong because i’ve gone one more day without you….
Never push a loyal person to the point where they no longer give a damn..
In life you will meet two kinds of people. Ones who build you up, and ones who tear you down. But in the end, you will thank them both.
A man is as young as the woman he feels.
Dream big and dare to fail.
People demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid.
You can avoid reality, but you cannot avoid the consequences of avoiding reality.
Make life like a Friday don’t make it like a Monday. :)
I don’t mind being hated.. But i hate being misunderstood…
You may think your light is small but it can make a big difference in other people’s lives…
Sometimes when the people you love hurt you the most, its better to stay quiet, because if your love wan’t enough, do you think your wods will matter…
Choose the guy who takes you to his house  to meet hi sparents, not his bedroom..
If you want me in your life, put me there. I shouldn’t be fighting for a spot..
Don’t respect someone for making a promisee. Respect them for keeping it…
A lot of men & women would rather stay single because they’re tired of giving their everything and ending up with nothing..
If i could give you one thing in life,  i would give you the ability to see yourself through my eyes, only then would you realize how special you are to me….
I may not have the cutest eyes, the prettiest smile, the most gorgeous face or a perfect body, but… i do have a caring heart….
Just remember that the more you ignore me the more i will learn to live without you….
When people walk away, let them, your future is not about people who walk away . it’s about the people who stay in it for the ride..
The most attractive thing a man can do is exactly what he says he’s going to do..
Trust is the easiest thing in the world to lose, and the hardest thing in the world to get back…
Let today be the day you love yourself enouth to no longer just dream of a better life; let it be the day you act upon it..
A single act of kindness throws out roots in all directions and the roots spring up and make new trees..
Love is two sided. If you put nothing in don’t expect anything out!!
The mind is what should listen, but it is the heart that should speak.
Winners.. are not those who never fail but those who never quit!!
if you don’t like my attitude quit talking to me..
Due to tonight’s lack of sleep, tomorrow has been canceled.
Sometimes crying is the only way your eyes speak when your mouth can’t explain how broken your heart is..
Anger… Is one letter short of danger.
A perfect man is the one who gives you that beautiful feeling of knowing that your loving heart is safe with him today, tomorror and for the rest of your life…
When someone loves you, they  don’t always have to say it. you can always know it by the way they treat you…
Saying sorry doesn’t always mean that you were wrong. Sometimes it means you value your relationships more than your ego..
Never show your weakness to the world Becoz the world is very much interested to play with it..!!!
The best feeling in the world is to know that you actually mean something to someone.
Sometimes it takes a lot of heartbreaks to get your heart in the right place…
Love is magical and it gives you the strength to heal and transform your pain…
sometimes you need to be alone. Not to be lonely, but to enjoy your free time being yourself..
Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart..
Patience is not the ability to wait, but the ability to keep a good attitude while waiting..
Don’t trust people who change their feelings with time. Trust people whose feelings remain the same when your time changes…
you may feel lost and alone, but God knows exactly where you are, and he has a good plan for your life..
A good laugh and a long sleep are the two best cures for anything…
God’s promises are like the stars. The darker the night, the brighter they shine..
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they’ll notice. If they don’t, you know where you stand…
you need to associate with people that inspire you, people that challenge you to rise higher, people that make you better….
Stop thinking about a million other things that will pass and resolve themselves and enjoy the moment… because you will never have the same moment again.
Dear heart, please stop getting involved in everything your job is to pump blood that’s it..
Achievment is almost automatic when the goal becomes an inner commitment…
Anyone who falls in love is searching for missing pieces of themsleves…
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference..
NO & YES are two short words which need a long thought. Most of the things we miss in life are because of saying NO too early & YES too late.
you don’t have to be great to get started, but you have to get started to be great.
Those who don’t believe in magic won’t ever find it…
Let you past make you better  not bitter..
If you can’t stop thinking about it, don’t stop working for it..
A good way to change someone’s attitude is to change your own. Because, The same sun that melts butter, also hardens clay! Life is as we think, so think beautifully.
Never judge someone Without knowing the whole story. you may think you understand, but you don’t..
Sms Means Seriously missing someone…
Everything is better when you decide you don’t care…
Anything with you means everything to me.
Always put your fears behind you and your dreams in front of you.
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
No fake people required when I have some real ones in my life…
The last person on your mind before you fall asleep is either the reason for your happiness or pain.
Don’t Lose hope! you never know what tomorrow will bring!!
The only difference between a good day and a bad day is your attitude..
I don’t mind your weirdness, as long as it’s compatible with mine. :)
Status is welcome, agreeable, pleasant, & hard to obtain in the world.
Man may have discovered fire, but women discovered how to play with it.
I fell in love because of your words, and I got hurt because of them too!!
I put my heart and my soul into my work, and have lost my mind in the proces…
You may not understand why U are going through difficult times, but don’t try to figure it out. Keep trusting in God. He knows how to bless U in unexpected ways.
I don’t hate schooI. I just hate the teachers, the homework, the exams and waking up early in the morning.
I love listening to lie…when I know the truth. .
We must remember that nothing in this world really belongs to us. At best, we are merely borrowers.
Don’t be afraid to make mistakes.
Everything happens for a reason, the hard part is finding the reason.
You will never know how good you’re until you start meeting with people. :’)
When you love him/her truly you will never think about someone else.
life is like photography we develop from the negatives!!
The recipe of friendship: 1 cup of sharing. 2 cups of caring. 3 cups of forgiveness and hugs. Mix all of these together to make friends 4ever.
Don’t push away the people who truly care about you, because one day, you will push them away, and they won’t come back.
There are two miracles a starry sky above and the moral world within us!!
There is nothing more amazing but women’s brain..
Stop trying to repair your heart, by giving it to the hands that broke it.
May be one day, i’ll be what you nee. But don’t wait too long… Because the day you want me, may be the day i’ve finally given up…
Respect old people: They graduated highschool without Google or Wikipedia.
Life is like a piano, the white keys represent happiness and the black show sadness. But as you go through life’s journey, remember that the black keys also create music.
it’s amazing how one day someone walks in to your life, when the next day you wonder how you lived without them…
Sometimes the hardest things and the right thing are the same.
Best friends make the good times better and the hard times easier.
If a man whistles at you, do not respond you lady not a dog.
It’s amazing what people do for love, it’s even more amazing what love does to people.
It is not happy people who are thankful it is thankful people who are happy..
Be sure to taste your words before you spit them out.
Life is like photography We develop the negatives!!!
Sometimes it sucks being strong. Because when people know that you are strong, they think that it is okay to hurt you, over and over again.
It is Amazing what You Can Accomplish If you Do Not Care Who Gets The Credit.
Use your smile to change this world,don’t let this world change your smile..
Always remember pain makes people change, So don’t hurt them when you don’t want them to change…. Think before u hurt.
I Will Always Care For You, Even If We’re Not Together And Even If We’re Far, Far Away From Each Other.
Love is like two people holding a rubber band, we pull, then when one person let’s go, it’s The Person Who Held On That Gets Hurt!!!!
People push you to your limits, but when you funally explode and fight back… you are the mean one!!!
I hate the word FRIEND most When she said lets be just friends…. have a nice time ahead…
Everything is funny untill it happening to some another’s life….
Everytime enjoy your bad habits…
When people hurt you, think of them like a sand paper. They may scratch and hurt you but in the end, you end up polished & they end up useless.
You will never know how good you’re until you start meeting with people. :’)
It’s nice to have someone in your life who can make you smile even when they are not around.
The amazing moment when your crush likes your status and you start to imagine life together.
Do something awesome, no one sees it. Do something embarrassing, everyone sees it.
y sister is the sweetest little thing alive! Words can hardly describe my love for her, she is my best friend.
One of the few things that can’t be recycled is wasted time.
Being in a relationship isn’t about the kissing, the dates or the showing off. It’s about being with that person that makes you happy in a way no one else can.
Don’t be proud when happy and don’t get disheartened when sad, remember that all our moods are temporary joy, pain, love, hate and this will all pass.
Rule of math: If it seems easy, you’re probably doing it wrong.
You don’t have to worry about love, b’coz as long as God exists you will ALWAYS have someone who unconditionally loves you.
Behind every deleted facebook & whatsapp account there is an untold story.
You are simply amazing & I am crazy about you…
Don’t go the way life takes you, take the life the way you go. And remember you are born to live & not living because you are born.
GOD will make a way, when there seems no way.
If you do not enjoy what you are doing, you will never be good at it.
People who are ‘different’ are usually the ones who end up making a difference in the world.
Instead of wishing you were someone else ,be proud of who you are. You never know who was looking at you wishing they were you.
Don’t worry god is always on time, trust him.
Did you ever notice, whenever you need your keys the most, that’s when they are the hardest to find.
It’s the hardest times that teach us the most valuable lessons.
Don’t you wish people could be like money, so you could hold them up to the sun and see which ones are fake and who are real.
Maybe it’s not always about trying to fix something broken. Maybe it’s about starting over and creating something better.
At times we do not value our belongings. Unless they stop belonging to us.
Live your life and forget your age.
Sometimes, change is what’s best. Strength can be measured not by holding on but by letting go.
Happiness comes with a price tag. If you are smiling, you have already paid for it in past.
A king only bows down to his queen.
The world is full of nice people…… If you can’t find one, be one.
The greatest test of faith is when you don’t get what you want, but still you are able to say THANK YOU LORD.
Be thankful for all you have, because you never know what will happen next.
Its not important to have long list of friends on FB & Whatsapp but its important to have some friends who can read your face as book and ask whats up.
Take care of your thoughts when you are alone and take care of your words when you are with people.
3 steps to move on. CTRL + ALT + DEL. Control yourself, look for an alternate solution, and delete the situation that hurts you.
Be with someone who brings out the best in you, not the stress in you.
Never blame solely yourself for any misfortune of life, because no single raindrop is responsible for flood.
When people hurt you, think of them like a sand paper. They may scratch and hurt you but in the end, you end up polished & they end up useless.
People like to bring up your past, when your present and future look better than theirs.
If you never thank GOD after every smile then you have no right to blame him for every tear.
Forgive the past, forgive yourself, forgive your partner, and love the present moment for what its worth. There are plenty of beautiful things to love right now; you just have to want to see them.
When I say I love you forever, Forever is the rest of my life
Good relationship doesn’t need promise, terms and conditions. It just needs a *She* who can trust and a *He* who can be loyal.
People who don’t know me always think I am quiet. People who do know me…. wish I was :)
The awesome moment when your mom thinks that you have no money for school and gives you more.
God knows who belongs in your life and who doesn’t. Trust and let go. Whoever is meant to be there, will still be there.
In 50 years, people won’t remember the clothes you wore, they’ll remember how you made them feel. Think before you speak.
Its good to have MONEY and the things that money can buy, as long as you make sure you don’t lose the things money can’t buy.
You have to stand up for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone.
Your past is done, so forget it. Your future is yet to come, so dream it. But your present is now, so live it.
Today is a new day, make the most of it, tell someone you love them, smile at someone, give a hug, hold a hand, or just listen or a minute, and be a friend.
What if your pillow could collect your dreams and when you wake up you plug it into your computer and watch them over again.
It is during the worst times of your life that you will get to see the true colors of the people who say they care for you.
Sharing makes you bigger than you are. The more you pour out, the more life will be able to pour in.
TODAY figure out what makes you happy & do more of it. Figure out what doesn’t and do less of it.
A meaningful silence is always better than meaningless words.
Remember: someone is happy with less than you have.
Life is weird, first you wanna grow up, then you wanna be a kid again.
Don’t assume your partner knows about everything you expect in a relationship. Let him know. A relationship should be based on communication, not on assumptions.
Disappointments are just God’s way of saying: I have got something better. Be patient, live life and have faith.
I may not be rich in money, but I am rich in things money can’t buy.
There are 4 very important words in life. Love, Honesty, Truth and Respect.  Without these in your life, you have nothing.
Never let the experiences of your past bring harm to your future. Remember, your past can’t be altered and your future just doesn’t deserve the punishment.
To get the best out of life, realize your past without regret, handle your present with confidence, prepare for the future without fear.
Don’t be too confident when someone tells you they like you. The real question is, until when? Because just like seasons, people change.
The sweetest place is to be in someone’s thoughts and the safest place is to be in someones heart.
TIME decides who you meet in your life. Your HEART decides who you want in your life. BEHAVIOR decides who will stay in your life.
When you have money in your hand, only you forget who are you but when you do not have any money in your hand, the whole world forget who you are. Its life.
Rules of a relationship: Stay faithful … make them feel loved and wanted … Respect your partner … Don’t flirt with others … Have time for eachother.
He is not perfect, I’m not perfect. Our feelings and lives are not perfect. But we love each other and that’s all that really matters.
Even GOD doesn’t propose to judge a man till his last day, why should you and I.
You can love someone so much but you can never love people as much as you can miss them.
When you are going through something hard and wonder where GOD is, remember the teacher is always quiet during a test.
People will always tell you what you did wrong but hesitate to compliment you for what you did right.
The greatest value of having good people around you is not what you get from them but the better person you become b’coz of them.
Be patient. The lessons you learn today will benefit you tomorrow.
Remember anyone can love you when the sun is shining. In the storms is where you learn who truly cares for you.
No matter how good a person you are there will always be someone criticizing you.
If someone hurts you, don’t mind it. It is the law of nature, “The tree that bears the sweetest fruits gets the maximum number of stones.”
Every single person on the planet has a story. Don’t judge people before you truly know them. The truth might surprise you.
No need for revenge. Just sit back & wait. Those who hurt you will eventually screw up themselves & if you are lucky, God will let you watch.
In search of a perfect person, don’t lose a true one b’coz perfection is fantasy while truth is a reality.
If you miss someone, that means you are lucky. It means you had someone special in your life, someone worth missing.
Nothing is perfect, but when I’m with you everything is perfect.
There’s a story behind every person. A reason why they are the way they are. Think about that before you judge someone.
The longer you have to wait for something, the more you will appreciate it when it finally arrives.
The worst feeling is pretending you don’t care about something, when really it’s all you seem to think about.
Some days I want to go back, some days I want to move forward but today, I’m OK with right here, right now.
I may not have everything I want in life but I’m blessed enough to have all that I need. For this I’m grateful.
Instead of always wanting more, appreciate what you already have and you might realize, you don’t need anything else.
3 things you should never break: TRUST , PROMISE , HEARTS
Nothing is permanent in this world; not even our troubles.
The amazing moment when you type your homework on google and found exactly what you need.
Find love when you have time and find time when you already found the one to love.
There will always be a reason why you meet people. Either you need them to change your life or you are the one that will change theirs.
Today’s Reality:  Big house but small family..  More edu, degrees but less common sense..  Advanced medicine but poor health..  Touched moon but neighbours unknown..  High income but less peace of mind..  Lots of human beings but less humanity.
Solve the problem or leave the problem. But…… Do not live with the problem.
Ego is just like a dust in the eye … without clearing the dust you can’t see anything clear … so clear the ego and see the world.
Sometimes you got to shut up, swallow your pride and accept that you are wrong. It’s not called giving up, its called growing up.
God does not create a lock without its key & God does not give you problems without its solutions! TRUST HIM.
Might not be tonight, tomorrow or the next day but everything is gonna be OK.
Life is too short to start your day with broken pieces of yesterday, it will definitely destroy your wonderful today and ruin your great tomorrow.
Sometimes we must get hurt in order to grow, we must fail in order to know, sometimes our vision clears only after our eyes are washed away with tears.
A Mistake increases your experience & experience decreases your mistakes. You learn from your mistakes then others learn from your success.
Respect people’s feelings. Even if it does not mean anything to you, it could mean everything to them.
No family is perfect, we argue, we fight, we even stop talking to each other at times but in the end, family is family … the love will always be there.
Mistake is a single page of life but relation is a complete book. So don’t lose a full book for a single page.
Three things cannot be long hidden …… The sun, The moon and The truth.
The past can hurt but the way I see it, you can either run from it or learn from it.
I miss our long talks, your smile, your laugh, your smell, your kisses and your hugs. I wish I could have them back.
Don’t say we are not right for each other, the way I see it is …. we are not right for anyone else.
One of the most amazing feelings in the world is having someone fall in love with you who you thought you never had a chance with.
Never look back unless there’s an attractive stranger behind you!
If 5 seconds of smile can make a photograph more beautiful then just imagine, if you keep always smiling, how beautiful your life will be.
Life is very short to argue and fight. Count your blessings, value your friends and move on with your head held high and a smile for everyone.
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him. Wife or Mother, if it’s both, he is twice blessed.
Don’t try and perfect yourself for one person wait for the One who love your Imperfection.
If I fall asleep texting you, it’s because I didn’t want to say goodbye.
Dont lose hope. When the sun goes down, the stars come out.
Sometimes people don’t realize what they are made of until someone shows them how amazing they really are.
One of the simplest ways to stay happy; just let go of the things that makes you sad.
The true measure of a man is not how he behaves in moments of comfort & convenience but how he stands at times of controversy & challenges.
I want to travel the world with two things on my hands. Camera on my right and HIS hand on my left.
As you start and end your day, say THANK YOU for every little things in your life. And you will come to realize how blessed you truly are.
Never let your failures get to your heart and never let your success get to your head.
The best gift a guy can give his girlfriend: his time, his attention and his love.
Stop thinking in terms of limitations and start thinking in terms of possibilities.
If you really love someone, TIME and DISTANCE  will not make you forget them.
Never forget to say I love you if you love someone b’coz you’ll never know when it might be the last time.
The joy you bring to my life is immeasurable.
It’s amazing how few pictures can bring back so many memories.
I wanna be the last number you call late at night and the first one that you dial when you open your eyes.
I wish I had a delete button in my life to delete some memories and feelings.
As long as I have you, I will always have everything I need to be happy.
It’s amazing how one word from the right person can make you feel better in a second.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better.
I dont want to stay young forever b’coz if I do, I won’t be having my best dream which is to grow old with you.
It’s easy to forgive the mistakes from others. But it’s hard to rebuild the trust.
Education is the most powerful weapon, you can use to change the world.
A woman who doesn’t ask for anything DESERVES everthing.
Dear GOD, Thank you for being there when no body else was.
Its better to be alone than being with someone who makes you feel alone.
PROMISE: We break them ……. MEMORIES: They break us.
The Most beautiful thing in this world is to see your parents smiling and knowing that you are the reason behind that smile.
I think its cute when you know that someone is making an effort to make you smile.
Live your everyday of life like its the last day of your life.
I may not be good for someone but I’ll be the best for those who deserve me.
People only realize what they had after they lose it so hold on what you have and never ever let it go.
Always remember, It has to be dark for the stars to appear.
In the end you will see who’s fake, who’s true and who would risk it all for you. And trust me, some people will totally surprise you!
God does not make mistakes but he does miracles. I am one. You are too.
Without love, we feel nothing. Without dreams, we accomplish nothing. Without GOD, we are nothing.
I always wonder if someone somewhere is doing the same exact thing as I AM.
I may not be perfect but Im always ME.
NO matter how worthless you think you are, There’s at least one person who thinks you are amazing.
While there’s life, there’s HOPE.
Every new day is another chance to change your life.
The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday.
Pretty words are not always true and true words are not always pretty.
Sometimes we cant choose the music life gives us but we can definitely choose how we dance.
Love is a gamble, you take a chance, let your heart go, like a dice, you never know the result until the END.
Never give up on anybody, miracles happen everyday.
People say, Find good people & leave bad ones but it should be, Find the good in people & ignore the bad in them. Remember No One Is Perfect in This World.
Always listen to your heart. Its on your left side but it will always be RIGHT.
Every new day gives new things and there we create new memories.
We have 2 hands, legs, eyes and ears but only 1 heart? B’coz other one is given to someone else. Go and find it.
If you never try, you’ll never know.
Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher.
Love me when I least deserve it because that is when I really need it.
Some people accidentally walk on our feet and say sorry while some people walk on our heart & don’t even realize.
Love makes you hold on to things you should not but who are we to know any better?
Impossible only means you haven’t found the solution yet.
Nothing is IMPOSSIBLE, The word itself says I’M POSSIBLE.
Don’t waste your life trying to impress other people. Do what you love and love what you do.
When nothing goes right! GO LEFT
Just because you miss someone, does not mean you need them back. Missing is just a part of moving on.
Let’s tell our families and friends how much we love them.
I have built a wall, not to block anyone out but to see who loves me enough to climb over it.
People usually complain about their look, but no one complains about their brains.
Listen before you talk, Think before you react, Earn before you spend and TRY before you quit.
No matter how talented you are, not everybody will like you. That’s life.
You never know what the future holds for you, and yes that’s called destiny ;)
Vision without action is daydream. Action without vision is nightmare.
Face your problems don’t Facebook your problems.
1000 miles away and you are still right here in my heart and mind.
They say you only live once. If you live like I do, once is enough.
Some days I cant stop thinking about you. Other days I wonder why I waste my time.
Isn’t it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when we look back, everything is different.
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people.
Man is at his best when doing what he loves most and at his worst when doing nothing.
Trust is like paper once crumpled it can never be perfect again.
Wise men talk because they have something to say fools talk bcoz they have to say something.
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
I love texting instead of phone calls because it gives me more time to think what to say ;)
Maybe love is like luck. You have to go all the way to find it.
If you don’t get the things you love, love the things you get.
I fell in love with the most unexpected person on the most unexpected time.
Trouble is part of your life, and if you dont share it, you dont give the person who loves you a chance to love you enough.
A hug is a perfect gift. One size fits all, and nobody minds if you exchange it.
Have you ever wondered which hurts the most? Saying something and wishing you had not, or saying nothing, and wishing you had?
When you see a person without a smile, give them yours.
You’ll never find a rainbow if youre looking down.
I want to love someone whose heart has been broken so that he knows exactly how it feels and wont break mine.
Never look at what you have lost. Always look at what is left with you.
If you dont understand my silence, how will you understand my words?
Always remember that no matter how useless you feel, you are someones reason to smile.
Don’t say we are not right for each other. The way I see it, we are not right for anybody else.
A little thought and a little kindness are often worth more than a great deal of money.
Find someone who knows that youre not perfect, but treats you as if you are.
Keep smiling, it makes people wonder what you’re up to :)
Dont be afraid of fear let it be afraid of you.
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow, it empties today of its strength.
God gives gives gives and forgives. People get get get and forget.
It’s amusing when you pull all of your efforts, to help someone. But when you need help, they don’t even take a glance at you.
Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain’t going away.
When you make mistakes, that’s when you know you are really trying.
It is better to be hated for who you are than to be loved for what you are not.
No need to know where I’m going, just need to know where I’ve been.
I don’t wish to be everything to everyone, but I would like to be something to someone.
If your girlfriend claims that she never looks at your Facebook profile; Try changing your status to SINGLE and wait 2-3 minutes.
I am ready to sleep forever and ever, if you just want to be with me in my dreams.
90% of what is considered IMPOSSIBLE” os infact possible. The other 10% will become possible with the passage of time & technology.
I don’t like to think myself as SPECIAL , I like to think myself as limited edition :)
You don’t need to know everything in life, just the things that make you happy
Some lessons can’t be taught, they simply have to be learned.
Love has 4 letters, but so does Hate; Friends has 7 letters, but so does Enemies; Truth has 5 letters, but so does Lying.
we cannot choose our beginnings… we cannot choose our end… but the moments in between… we choose who we are.
The worst part of life is waiting. The best part of life is having someone worth waiting for.
Laughing for 15 seconds adds two days to your life span.
Dont regret for people who left you in half,for you will realise in future that they never belonged to you
Live for moments you cant put into Words.
Stand up for what is right. Even if you are standing alone.
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
When your plan doesn’t work, don’t take too much time to think about it. Make another plan.
Just because you have experienced pain doesn’t mean you won’t feel happiness again.
What the heart gives away is never gone. It is kept in the hearts of others.
Don`t judge me tomorrow by the way im acting today.
Say What You Mean But Mean What You Say.
The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts.
In life; Good experiences will produce memorable moments and bad experiences will produce lessons.
The more I practice, the luckier I get.
Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.
Love is like war. Easy to begin but very hard to stop.
Without you, I have nothing. But with you, I have everything.
Good or Bad, whatever you do will come back in one form or another; that would explain why the earth is ROUND.
A real man wouldn’t care about your past if he seezs a future with you in the present moment.
we all live under the same sky but we don’t all see the same light.
You cannot protect two things at the same time.. If you don’t make a decision, you will lose both..
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you.
When you lose everything you want, you find the only thing you need.
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
Love can make you do things that you never thought possible.
Love is like a butterfly, hold it too tight, it’ll crush, hold it too loose, it’ll fly
Control Your Anger. It is One Letter Away From Danger.
Why is it that the things that mean the most to us are the things we are most likely to never admit?
Strength is nothing more than how well we hide the pain.
Experience is the name every one gives to their mistakes.
Never let the things you want.. Make you forget the things you already have.
Today I am what I am Because of my yesterday’s choices. And where I shall be tomorrow Will be decided today.
There is a reason God put our eyes on the front of our body. It’s so we can see where we are going, not where we have been.
When people walk away from you, let them go. Your destiny is never tied to anyone who leaves you, and it doesn’t mean they are bad people. It just means that their part in your story is over.
I have learned that just because two people argue, doesn’t mean they don’t love eachother. And just because they don’t argue, it doesn’t mean they do love eachother.
If you cannot solve it, it is not a problem, It’s reality.
Don’t go for looks, they can deceive. Don’t go for wealth, even that fades away. Go for someone who makes you smile because it takes only a smile to make a dark day seem bright.
My mom thinks my friends are bad influences. but honestly, I am usually the one coming up with the ideas.
A woman’s mind is cleaner than a man’s – That’s because she changes it more often.
It is not how much we do, but how much love we put in the doing. It is not how much we give, but how much love we put in the giving.
It isn’t always enough to be forgiven by others. Sometimes you have to learn to forgive yourself.
Time is the coin of life. Only you can determine how it will be spent.
Failure is always temporary, only giving up makes it permanent.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
If she’s amazing, she won’t be easy. If she’s easy, she won’t be amazing. If she’s worth it, you won’t give up. If you give up, you’re not worthy.
Every day is a new beginning. Treat it that way. Stay away from what might have been, and look at what can be.
No one knows what he can do until he tries.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I’m not sure about the universe.
Your future depends on your dreams. So go to sleep.
Love is a state of mind which has nothing to do with the mind.
Rose is flower that loves for an hour! FRIENDSHIP is a tower that lives FOREVER.
Attraction is the temporary love but love is the permanent attraction just a game of words but makes lot of difference in life.
You never love someone because they are beautiful; they are beautiful because you LOVE them.
The whole world is great! That is…until you wake up.
☐ Single ☐ Taken ☑ Complex Situation
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
No surprises, my heart can’t take it.
A friend is someone who’s there when he needs you.
Wow, who knew life could be this amazing..
Life is good, usually but at this moment, life is amazing.
Life is simple, we make it complicated..
Love your enemies.It’ll confuse them..
sometimes my fabulous ness even amazes me.
You want know about who is amazing and has the cutest smile Read the first word again
coins always make a sound but the currency notes are always silent,So when ur value increases, keep urself calm and silent
Life is good usually but at this moment life is amazing
Sometimes you have to let go of your fear to catch your destiny…
Some people only listen to, and believe what they want to hear, the truth, to them, is irrelevant.
Don’t be ashamed to be different. Be proud that God made you like no one else.
My life isn’t perfect, but it does have perfect moments.
Strong is the new beautiful.
Due to circumstances within my control, tomorrow will be cancelled.
Monsters are real. Ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes they win.
The awkward moment when you pull your blankets up and punch yourself in the damn face.
The most positive men are the most credulous.
To love and be loved is the great happiness of existence.
Memory is deceptive because it is colored by today’s events.
I am a part of all that I have met.
Don’t be afraid to make mistakes.
Life is like riding a bicycle, to keep your balance you must keep moving..
decided to burn lots of calories today so I set a fat kid on fire..
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be misquoted, then used against you…
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman..
C.L.A.S.S- come late and start sleeping…
Everything happens for a reason, the hard part is finding the reason.
Trust is like an eraser. It gets smaller with every mistake you make…
The worst disease in the world is fear, and i am AFRAID of it..
Love is like two people holding a rubber band, we pull, then when one person let’s go, it’s the person who held on that gets hurt..
