I may look calm, but in my head I’ve killed you about 5 times.
By God, there’s a lot to make you angry.
Get lost to my life..And never come back again.
Just because I’m being quiet, that doesn’t mean I’m mad.
You can’t break what’s already been shattered.
If you knew how angry I was ..You wouldn’t be doing this shit right now
An angry man opens his mouth and shuts his eyes.
I’m a little bitter today, sorry if I offend anyone, but right now with the mood I’m in I really DON”T care.
If you think your opinion of me has no effect, honey let me assure you that nothing of my own worth is wrapped up in what you think of me.
Some people don’t lie very well, they just hope your not smart enough to figure it out!
When Someone Stops Getting Angry On You,  It Is Clear That You Have Lost Your Importance From Their Life…!!!
do not be deceived. . .the depth of some friendships are not as deep as you think.
Thinks it would be really nice of you to go and sit on a cactus.
My biggest regret is trusting people who could never be trusted in the first place! They were the biggest waste of time ever!!
is wondering why you bother to lie, when the truth is just as good, and the lie makes me hate you…
If you want to hear the whole truth about yourself, make your neighbor angry.
..is so mad their blood is boiling so hot it could make the devil sweat.
Just because I’m being quiet, that doesn’t mean I’m mad. Sometimes I’m just not in the mood to talk.
says i just miss the way things used to be.
I’m not ignoring you, I’m just waiting for you to to realize your mistake and own up to it. If you can’t do that, then there is nothing to say..
I can forgive a lot of things…but lies aren’t one of them…so I hope you choke on the lies you told!!
Note to self: Every time you were convinced you could not go on, you did.
Fall in love not in line.
When we don’t know who to hate, we hate ourselves.
True friends are like diamond, when you hit them they do not break, they only slip away from your life
Don’t disturb me, I am disturbed enough already.
My status…depends on your eyes
I hate when people look at my phone while I’m typing. It’s not that I have something to hide… It’s just none of their damn business :/
Before you go pointing your fingers at someone else, you may want to make sure your own hands are clean..
If someone hates you for no reason . Then Give them Reason..
Don’t force someone to remember you all the time. Just stay silen and let them realize how will tey be without you in their life…
Ms_mariane Sometimes you have to walk away from a relationship that does not value your worth.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
Over thinking ruins my mood ..
Silence is the best way to react while angry.
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.
“Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one”
Anger is temporary madness.
Anger always comes from frustrated expectations.
Jealousy releases anger and anger is the greatest and the ultimate enemy that can forever determine your judgement and ultimately withhold your destiny.
No matter how justified i was in my anger it never actually changed anything.. This is why i must let it go… Not because i think it is okay, but because i love my self to much to keep holding on..
Resentment is like taking poison and waiting for the other person to die.
Don’t get the impression that you arouse my anger. You see, one can only be angry with those he respects.
Anger doesn’t solve anything it bulds nothing, but it can destroy everything..
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.
People change, things go wrong, shit happens, but life goes on.
Sometimes one middle finger isn’t enough to let someone know how you feel. That’s why you have two hands.
Beware, I’m not in my greatest mood today.
The most painful memory I have is of when I walked away and you let me leave.
That awkward moment when nobody likes your Facebook status.
If a small thing has the power to make you angry….does that not indicate something about your size.
Resentment is like taking poison and waiting for the other person to die.
i wouldn’t have to manage my anger if idiots would manage their stupidity!!
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness..
Angry Getting hurt being ignored loosing my time not using my talents not singing my own song….
Never leave with an angry word, it might be the last thing you get to say to that person..
Some peoples need to be thanking God that i haven’t bitch slapped them yet..
Sometimes i’m not angry, i’m hurt and there’s a big difference..
I don’t regret my past i just regret the time i have wasted with the wrong people…
you should have two facebook accounts. One For Each Face.
The more anger towards the past you carry in your heart, The less capable you are of loving in the present..
Anger is a deadly thing: it kills the one who angers, as each anger takes something from him.
Getting angry is actually punishing yourself with the mistakes of others.
Feelings are much like waves, we can’t stop them from coming but we can choose which ones to surf…
If you want to hear the whole truth about yourself, make your neighbour angry.
Anger is only one letter short of Danger..
Only Two People will tell you the truth about yourself : someone who is angry with you and someone who loves you very much..
Anger is our natural deffense against pain. So when i say i hate you, it really means you hurt me.
Anger is a killing thing. It kills the man who angers, for each rage leaves him less than he had been before. it takes something from him..
Sometimes i’m not angry, i’m hurt and there’s a big difference.
I have right to my anger and i don’t want anybody telling me i shouldn’t be that it’s not nice to be and that someting’s wrong with me. because i get angry!!
It’s better to cry than to be angry because anger hurts others, while tears flow silently through the soul and cleaneses the heart..
To be angry  is to let others mistakes punish yourself. To forgive others is to be good to yourself.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
When i truly care for someone, their mistakes never change my feelings because its mind that gets angry but heart sill cares.
I smile when i ‘m angry, i cheat and i lie.  i do what i have to do to get by. But i know what is wrong and i know what is right, And i’d die for the truth in my secret life.
Anger makes you smaller, while forgiviness forces you to grow beyond what you were..
A person who has lots of anger inside, definitely loves people  more than anyone else can. because if red colour indicates anger then it indicates love too”..!!
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.
Anger is poison. You must purge it from your mind or else it will corrupt your better nature.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone elsee; you are the one who gets burned.’
Never make yourself feel like nothing to make someone else feel like everything..
If you’re going to TALK About Me Behind MY Back, Don’t Smile At Me To My Face!!!!
I will not delete you or block you. I am keeping you there so you will be able to see how happy I’m without you…
Everything is getting expensive except some people, they are getting cheaper…
My silence doesn’t mean that I quit… It simply means that I don’t want to argue with people who just don’t want to understand!!!
Anger is a feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind.
For every minute you are angry….. you lose sixty seconds of happiness… Think about It
I may look calm, but in my head I’ve killed you about 5 times.
They say milk is good for your teeth. You know what else is good for your teeth? Minding your own damn business.
Never forget what someone says to you when they are angry, because that’s when the truth comes out.
Nobody makes you angry, you decide to use anger as a response.
Some people never realise the emotional and mental damage they do to others.
It sucks when you realize you rejected other people for that one person who wasted your time.
That annoying moment when you show someone a picture on your phone, and they start scrolling through the rest.
Some people need to open their small minds instead of their big mouths.
What goes around comes around. That’s what people say. So all the pain you caused me will come back to you someday.
If I delete your number, you’re basically deleted from my life.
Don’t be so happy, I don’t really forgive people, I just pretend like it’s ok and wait for my turn to destroy them.
Sometimes one middle finger isn’t enough to let someone know how you feel. That’s why you have two hands.
I text you because I want to have a conversation with you. Not to get one word answers.
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.
Go ahead, judge me. Just remember to be perfect for the rest of your life!!
Actions speak louder than words, your words don’t mean anything to me when your actions are telling me different.
Some people will pretend to care just so they can get a better seat to watch your struggle. Every helping hand is not always there to help.
Definition of EX: Thanks for the EXperience. Our time has EXpired. Now EXit my life.
Never forget what someone says to you when they are angry, bcoz that’s when the truth comes out.
When you are angry, your text speed increases by a ridiculous amount.
It takes a lot of energy to get angry. I don’t care to use my energy that way.
I wouldn’t have to manage my anger if people could learn to manage their stupidity.
Anger is a feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind.
I don’t need to manage my anger, people need to manage their stupidity.
I don’t regret my past. I just regret the time I have wasted with the wrong people.
You should have two Facebook accounts. One for each face.
There is no excuse for cheating in a relationship.
I will not delete you or block you. I am keeping you there so you will be able to see how happy I’m without you.
I would not have to manage my anger if people would manage their stupidity.
Everything is getting expensive except some people, they are getting cheaper.
When you stopped believing in me, I did too.
Some things can never be forgotten and nor forgiven.
The more I get to know guys, the more I like dogs.
I just don’t care if anyone doesn’t like me I wasn’t put on earth to entertain everyone.
I told you I needed you, you told me the same. I wasn’t lying, so why didn’t you tell the truth?
My life, My choices, My problems, My mistakes, My lessons. Not your business, mind your own problems before you talk about mine.
Don’t put words into my mouth. I have got plenty to say. Don’t tell me how to live my life, I do things my way.
Some people come into our lives & leave footprints on our hearts. Others come into our lives & make us wanna leave footprints on their face.
Some friends are like pennies. Two-faced & worthless.
You can’t trust anybody these days…you think you have a good friend till you turn around and realize they have the knife 6 inches deep in your back.
Don’t make so many promises when you can’t even keep one.
No matter how long you know someone, they eventually show their true colors.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.
I’m the person that the more you complain about me, the harder I’ll try to annoy you.
Two things to remember, DON’T make decisions when you’re angry and DON’T make promises when you’re happy..
No matter how angry i am at you, and say i am done with you, i really don’t want to lose you.
Your mistake is letting me go, my mistake was letting you in.
Don’t make promises when you’re happy. Don’t reply when you’re angry. Don’t make decisions when you’re sad. Don’t text when your drunk.
While you’re hating your life just because you can’t get what you want, someone is praying to have a life like yours.
Telling someone to calm down just makes them so much more angry.
Ya know what I hate. Being ignored! If you don’t want to talk to me anymore then just tell me and quit beating around the bush.
sometimes hearing the music is just the best way to ignore the world
You think that you have damaged me but really you just made me that much more stronger Thank You
There are no words to describe the anger and frustration that I am feeling right now.
I’m gonna come back as a bird in my next life. There are just some people who I feel deserve a little of their own medicine.
When we don’t know who to hate, we hate ourselves.
Do you ever get the feeling that you would like to reach out and just choke someone?
Attitude and personality are two different things.
Beware, I’m not in my greatest mood today..
You have a problem with me. I’m pretty sure a status on Facebook won’t fix it..
By God, there’s a lot to make you angry.
Don’t chat with me just when you’re bored. Bitch please! My name is not Adam Lambert. I’m not here for your entertainment.
My silence doesn’t mean that I quit… It simply means that I don’t want to argue with people who just don’t want to understand..
Never regret something that once made you smile.
It’s funny how you can still love a person, but you stop needing them like you used to.
Bullshit might get you to the top, but it won’t keep you there.
Ive tried and tried and now I give up. I refuse to be the perfect friend to people that cant treat me with the same respect.
Knows there’s a name for people like you.
If you think your opinion of me has any effect, Honey let me assure you that none of my self worth is wrapped up in what you think of me.
Attitude and personality are two different things.
No matter how long you know someone, they eventually show their true colors.
If you’re going to talk about me behind my back, don’t smile at me to my face.
May kill you in the morning?
Is getting close to just walking away?
Did you ever just want to slap the stupid out of someone?
Is singing ‘if you’re angry & you know it punch their face’
