You’re my everything, today and always.Happy wedding anniversary.
May your anniversary be Happy and Grand. Happy Anniversary!
Happy anniversary to a husband who still looks at me the way he looks at other women. ;-)
Today marks the anniversary of the day when I lost a piece of my heart…
My love for you is like a circle, it has no end..
1 year down and forever to go, Happy Anniversary.
There is no feeling more comforting and consoling than knowing you are right next to the person you love.
A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance, and tenacity.
You two should be proud of yourselves. It’s amazing that us kids haven’t stressed you out to the point of divorce by now! Happy Anniversary!
It is good to see you walk peacefully and strongly on the road of love.I wish this will stay forever.Happy Anniversary.
When yοu smile Εverything seems Αlright when yοu frown Μy falter addition Ιt heart of yοu of Ηappy birthday lοve Thanks for Αlways to Τhere .
Deep, true love knows no bounds. We wish you not only the best, but admiration for you both. You are extraordinary. Happy Anniversary.
May this day of your anniversary make your relation stronger and lovelier.
Love is there when both person are more concerned for the other than for one’s selfie.
Our Anniversary is a time to celebrate the joys of today, the memories of yesterday, and the hopes of tomorrow.
Our paths may change as life goes along, but the bond between Us remains ever strong…
Nothing is perfect, but when I’m with you everything is perfect. Happy Anniversary My Love!
The heart of marriage is memories; and if the two of you happen to have the same ones and can savor your reruns, then your marriage is a gift from the gods. Bill Cosby
Anniversary best wishes to you both on your anniversary, May the love that you share Last your lifetime through, As you make a wonderful couple Happy Wedding.
Our anniversary is just a momentary celebration but our marriage  is a timeless one.. Happy Anniversary..
Anniversary means another way of togetherness and love for the memory books.Top and best collection of statuses
Marriage is like a pack of cards. In the beginning it was hearts and a diamond, now all I’m wanting in my hand is a club and a spade.Best Anniversary Statuses
Love is there when both person are more concerned for the other than for one’s self. Happy Anniversary Facebook Statuses
Yοu are a Ρriceless asset of Μy entire life. Fοr the years ωe share, we Μake a wonderful Ρair! To Μy loving Ηusband, wishing yοu a very Ηappy anniversary!
Ι want to say Ιn our wedding Αnniversary that you Αre everything to Μe without you Ι have nοthing. Ηappy anniversary!
When yοu are smiling, Εverything seems Αlright When yοu frown Μy heart loses Ιt’s cheer Wish yοu a Ηappy Anniversary lοve Thanks for Αlways being Τhere…
Since I met you, my life has never been the same. Thanks for making it better and happier. I love you and Happy Anniversary, hubby! I thank God for giving me the best husband! Happy Anniversary!
To my honey… To my precious one To my lover To my everything I love you. You know I always do. I’m just happy we’re in this together. Happy anniversary!!
Hoping that the love u shared years ago Is still as strong today as it was then Bringing u much joy , love and happiness To celebrate again. Happy Anniversary!!
The very first moment I laid my eyes on you, I knew our hearts were meant to be. You are my Courage, my Angel… You are My Soldier. You Saved Me. I love you.
My love for you could not possibly get any bigger for it is endless and timeless. You have given me a new life, naming me The Rarest Beauty. I am in your debt, and I will always be your Queen. I Love You.
To the Βest couple I know Ι’m wishing you all the Βest And love each Οther to the fullest Ηappy Anniversary!
Sticking tο each other fοr 25 years; Lοving endlessly Αnd cherish each οther. Yοu are great Ρarents.  We lοve you! Ηappy Silver Jubilee οf wedding..
Lοve is what Μakes two peοple sit in the Μiddle of Α bench when there Ιs plenty οf room at Βoth ends.
My days are happier because of you. Knowing I have you to love gives my life greater meaning. Happy Anniversary day my love!
You have been the most remarkable wife on earth, more fabulous and stronger than superwoman. And on this special day, I want you to feel and see how a blessed husband I am. I love you sweetheart. Happy anniversary!
“Each moment of a happy lover’s hour is worth an age of dull and common life”
There is no feeling more comforting and consoling than knowing you are right next to the one you love
Bliss to fill your souls; Peace to fill your spirits; Joys to fill the home; And love to fill your hearts. I wish all these things for both of you on the auspicious day of starting your married life!
We decided to wish you life so full of problems that you can strive against, a lot of difficulties to overcome and satisfaction for years to come.
Love is just a word until you find the right person to show it to.
Anniversary: A time to celebrate the beauty, the gift, and the blessing of enduring love.
A perfect marriage is just two imperfect people who refuse to give up on each other.
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye. Happy annivesary my dear love!
Marriage is like a dollar bill. You can’t spend half of it when you tear it in two. The value of one half depends upon the other. Happy Anniversary
From the first time we met I knew we were meant to be together God put us together and that way it “ill stay Happy Anniversary honey
Another year of ups and downs. Here we are going strong and still so in love. Happy Anniversary my Love. I am so happy to be spending my life with you.
May your married life be merry & marvelous & is filled with the magic of love, care, happiness and divinity. Happy Marriage Anniversary…stay tuned together
Married couples who love each other tell each other a thousand things without talking.
Marriage is like a pack of cards. In the beginning it was hearts and a diamond, now all I’m wanting in my hand is a club and a spade.
Anniversary is a time to celebrate the joys of today, the memories of yesterday, and the hopes of tomorrow.
If you are really lucky, you will find one person who will walk through life with you no matter what.
I only want to be with you twice…now, and forever.
True love isn’t love at first sight but love at every sight. Happy Anniversary!!
No man or woman really knows that perfect love is until they have been marrie for quarter of a century..
Marriage is like a dollar bill. you can’t spent half of it when you tear it in two. The value of one half depends upon the other.. Happy Anniversaryyy…
To the couple most beautifu in heart as well as in soul; May you achieve peace and happiness and meet your goals! Happy Wedding Anniversary!!!!
I am wishing for this to the best couple of the country that in NEAR Future You Shall Be Regarded As The Best In The World!!!
You are still same new and fresh to me as you were __ _th years ago. Happy anniversary my dear!!!
Marriage is like a pack of cards. In the beginning it was hearts and a diamond, now all I’m wanting in my hand is a club and a spade…
Our anniversary is a time to look back at the good times and a time to look ahead to live our dreams together…..
Happy Anniversary to my loving hubby. Thank you for the last 11 yrs. and many more yrs. to come. Thank you for making me the happiest woman. I love you always….
It doesn’t matter where you go in life, what you do, it’s who you have beside you. I am truly blessed to be married to my soul mate for years today..!!
Happy Anniversary to my loving hubby. Thank you for the last 11 yrs. and many more yrs. to come. Thank you for making me the happiest woman. I love you always….
On this our anniversary, we may not have wealth, but we do have each other and that is worth more than anything in the world…
From the first time we met I knew we were meant to be together God put us together and that way it will stay Happy Anniversary honey!!!!
On this special day, best wishes go to you that the wonderful love you share, lasts your lifetime through. Happy Anniversary
Best wishes to you both on your anniversary, May the love that you share last your lifetime. Happy Wedding Anniversary
Happy Anniversary sweet heart. Words are not enough to say everything. I love you. Together we stand.
A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance, and tenacity. Happy Anniversary
Marriage is like a dollar bill. You can’t spend half of it when you tear it in two. The value of one half depends upon the other. Happy Anniversary
I want to wish an anniversary day to a couple who is beautiful in entire land. May your anniversary enhance your love and understanding.
May this day of your anniversary make your relation stronger and lovelier. Wish you a happy anniversary.
Married couples who love each other tell each other a thousand things without talking.
To the beautiful couple on this land, May your anniversary be Happy and Grand. Happy Anniversary
Anniversary is a time to celebrate the joys of today, the memories of yesterday, and the hopes of tomorrow.
Anniversary means another way of togetherness and love for the memory books.
For all this time I have been putting this puzzles of my life, then I realized, the last piece is you.
Marriage is like a pack of cards. In the beginning it was hearts and a diamond, now all I’m wanting in my hand is a club and a spade.
There`s always that one person who`d do anything for you. that`s the one you should marry.
Love is there when both person are more concerned for the other than for one’s self
I think Love is the best refreshment in life.
A successful married always life requires falling in love many times, but always with the same person
From the first time we met  I knew we were meant to be together God put us together and that way it “ill stay Happy Anniversary honey
It doesn’t matter where you go in life, what you do, it’s who you have beside you. I am truly blessed to be married to my soul mate for years today..
Happy Anniversary to the most amazing man I’ve ever known! Thank you for loving me, for me. I love you.
The first time I looked in your eyes I knew that I would do anything for you, The first time you touched my face, I felt what I never felt with anyone else.
On this our anniversary, we may not have wealth, but we do have each other and that is worth more than anything in the world.
I Cannot begin to imagine a life with out you in it. For the memories that we have created together could never compare to the touch that we share.
If you are really lucky, you will find one person who will walk through life with you no matter what.
18 years ago today I walked down the aisle and promised to love honor and cherish my lover and best friend, it is a decision I have NEVER regretted!
Happy Anniversary to my loving hubby. Thank you for the last 11 yrs. and many more yrs. to come. Thank you for making me the happiest woman. I love you always.
Our anniversary is a time to look back at the good times and a time to look ahead to live our dreams together.
1 year down & forever to go, Happy Anniversary.
From the first time we met, I knew we were meant to be together. God put us together and that way it will stay, Happy Anniversary honey. I love you forever.
Happy Anniversary to the one I’ll always want, even when I’m too old to remember what I’m supposed to want you for.
As the end of today approaches, and the beginning of tomorrow nears, Bow your heads and pray, for all who shed those tears.
Anniversary is repetition of promises made with each other, love gets stronger.
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.
Each moment of a happy lover’s hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
Love begins in a moment, grows over time, and lasts for eternity.
It doesn’t matter where you go in life, what you do, it’s who you have beside you.
True love isn’t love at first sight but love at every sight.
A successful married life requires falling in love many times, but always with the same person.
I only want to be with you twice…now, and forever.
Love is the best refreshment in life.
Are we not like two volumes of single book?
The world has grown suspicious of anything that looks like a happily married life.
Two Keys to a lasting marriage “Respect and Communication”..
There is no feeling more comforting and consoling than knowing you are right next to the one you love.
Love is the same for a poor man, and a king.
