Happy birthday to you, because your born for this day.
You think I am a fool, but you are a greater fool than I am.
Hy FOOL, Wish you a Happy April Fool Day. Today is your day.
Relationships these days are a joke. It’s like April 1st all year long.
Wish you a very happy April Fool Day!
OMG Facebook officially changed it’s name to Face.
Gullible people should just avoid Facebook for the next 24 hours.
Aliens have contacted the Earth, Watch the news and see it.
Hey U Know Which is the best day to propose a girl.. April 1 U Know Why?? If she accept its your luck otherwise just tell April Foooooll.
Oh April Fool’s day, where everyone teeter-totters between brilliance and insanity. Welcome to my World!!
What if April fools day doesn’t actually exist and its been the longest prank in history…
RIP {insert Facebook friends name} I will never forget you…
When you want to fool the world, tell the truth.
Take a full screenshot of their computer’s desktop, then open the image and leave it..
On April Fools Day, my natural distrust of others will be ratcheted up a level to borderline psychosis.
“Ahhh! Did anyone else get the email about them canceling school next week?”
i am fool i am fool i am fool i am fool i am fool OK OK COOL I AGREE U R FOOL Control urself April fool wishes
I like to schedule dentist appointments for March 32, otherwise known as April Fool’s Day.
Every fool finds a greater one to admire them. Happy April Fool Day!!
The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes.
The first of April, some do say Is set apart for All Fool’s Day; But why the people call it so Nor I, nor they themselves, do know, But on this day are people sent On purpose for pure merriment.
The haste of a fool is the slowest thing in the world.
Let us be thankful for the fools.  But for them the rest of us could not succeed.  ~Mark Twain
Long time ago,, only fools used to read my sms, and today …..the history continues… Happy All fools Day…
you are one of the CUTEST persons in this world Just a second don’t misunderstand me CUTE means Creating Useless Troubles.  April Fool Status, April Fool Status and quotes
It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt. Happy April Fools Day ;-)
If you wish to avoid seeing a fool you must first break your looking glass.
“OMG. I can’t believe I’m getting my own reality show.”
You can always tell a real friend: when you’ve made a fool of yourself he doesn’t feel you’ve done a permanent job.
31st March Or 1st april Fool is Fool dosnt matter. Wishing very happy, prosperous and joyful Fool Day to the King of Fools.. :)
i am fool i am fool i am fool i am fool i am fool OK OK COOL I AGREE you are FOOL Control Yourself April fool wishes
You can fool some people sometimes,But you can’t fool all the people all the time.
Never risk your heart to a fool, for if you do you will surely become one..
Dear Friend, I am surprised at your wit, your intellect, your wisdom and your knowledge,, But more iportantly, i am surprised at my false praise of you!! Happy All Fools Day!!
Long time ago,, only fools used to read my sms, and today …..the  history continues…  Happy All fools Day…
Wants to remind you that everything is funny as long as it’s Not Happening To You. Please Don’t Make others FOOL ON April Fool Day.
“Bye bye Everybody bye bye USA”
If you’re a girl You Can Say You Went To The Doctor And Found Out You’re Pregnant!!!
I am fool i am fool I Am Fool I Am Fool I Am Fool Ok ok Cool I AGREE You Are FOOL Control Urself April Fool Wishes
Definition of FOOL: Knowing the truth, seeing the truth, but still believing the lies.
Today is the day to Propose a girl. If she accepts thats your LUCk otherwise just tell her its April Fool. :)
Hi Dear FOOL, Wish you a Happy April Fool Day. Today is your day. :D
A day will come when the world will celebrate your name, your fame, your personality and your views. But April Fool comes once in a year and that your day. :)
You can not touch your lower lip with your tounge……..
April Fool is the day upon which we are reminded of what we are on the other three hundred and sixty four days.
You could just change your birthday to april first, watch everyone write happy birthday on your wall, and at the end of the day make your status.
Wants to remind you that everything is funny as long as it’s not happening to you. Please don’t make others fool on April Fool Day.
Just a friendly reminder Relationships are precious, do not hurt them by fooling and lying on first April / April Fool.
Today if anyone praises you for your beauty, personality, style or attitude, Just kick him. How dare he fool you before April 1st.
Hey you know which is the best day to propose a girl ….???…. Its APRIL 1ST …. If she accepts its your luck and otherwise just Say APRIL FOOL.
Fact 1 You cannot touch your lower lip with your tongue Fact 2 After reading this 99 100 idiots would try it.
you are one of the CUTEST persons in this world Just a second don’t misunderstand me CUTE means Creating Useless Troubles.
