Sometimes you succeed…. and other times you learn.
I may be fat, but you’re ugly – I can lose weight!
My style is unique don’t copy it!
Fool me once, shame on you, Fool me twice, and I’ll break your face.
A laugh is a smile that bursts.
I totally take back all those times I didn’t want to nap when I was younger.
Dear crush, fall in love with me. ^_^
You know you’re getting old when the guys from the “cialis” commercials are starting to look hot.
I can’t think of anything because I always thinking about your everything.
Admit it, sometimes even when their crush does something really weird, it still looks cute for you.
Happiness is positive thinking enjoying the little things appreciating what you have and realizing it is a choice you can make today.
Dear Math, please grow up and solve your own problems, I’m a little tired of solving them for you.
Every time I look at your sweet smile, my heart melts and I fall for you over and over again.
The voices in my head tell me not to listen to the voices in my head, and now I don’t know who to listen to anymore
Smile is nothing like “I’m just happy”
I would Slap you so Hard that Even Google cant be Able to find you.
A little boy asked his father, “Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?” Father replied, “I don’t know son, I’m still paying.”
Princess meets a talking frog. Princess: Do I kiss you to make you a handsome prince? Frog:Sorry lady but that was my grandfather’s time, I need a blowjob.
A place where people, who know so little about anything, have so much to say about everything.
Being male is a matter of birth. Being a man is a matter of age. But being a gentleman is a matter o choice.
Believe in love. Hope for love, pray for love, but don’t put your life on hold waiting for love..
i’m sorry i can’t give you a shoulder to cry, i would rather love to stand by you and make you fight again..
I promise i will protect you…
i wanna be yours last kiss, last love, last everything..
I want you to know how much I love u. I want you to know what’s in that heart of mine. But whenever I try to express it to you, I just end up typing ” ♥ ” or saying “I love you” and that’s not even close to what I feel for you!
Be with someone who gets excited just thinking about you..
She scares the hell out of me and calms my soul at the same time. Maybe that’s what love is a total contradiction that somehow balances.
Crawl inside this body, find me where i am most reuined love me there…
This morning with her having coffee…
YOu can’t be just friends with someone you’re madly in love with.
I don’t want to have the world’s attention. Yours is enough.
Maybe we aren’t supposed to fall in love because everything that falls breaks.
if someone is really into you, you don’t have to keep begging then for a text , call , or to spend time. They ‘ll do it if you are a priority.
The best feeling in the world is… when you look at that special person and they are already smiling at you.
when you’re happy, you enjoy the music. But when you’re sad, you understand the lyrics.
Prayer is cure for a weary soul, a confused mind and a broken heart..
Never judge someone by the opinion of others.
Smile baby girl, GOD is working everything out in your favor..
She can be best girlfrien in the words, but she will trip, assume, and cry, but she will love you with all her heart…
Find someone who will actually takes good care of you
The right man will love all the things about you that the wrong one was intimidated by.
Sometimes the greatest relationships are the ones you never expected to be in.
Somebody is praying to meet you and they are Excited about making you happy forever!
I wan’t say i will never make you cry but i will make you smile before your tears get dry..
At any given moment, on any given day, you are the most beautiful woman in the world, and just when I think you couldn’t be more beautiful, you smile and prove me wrong.
She is a real bookworm. I think she lives on print. Her whole house is full of books. looks as if she likes them better than human company..
you will fall in love with someone who doesn’t love you, for not loving someone who did…
One person can make it all go away!! :)
At any given moment, on any given day, you are the most beautiful woman in the world, and just when I think you couldn’t be more beautiful, you smile and prove me wrong.
If a hug tell how much i love you, i would hold you in my arms forever.
Just about the time when you think you can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
People r like music some say the truth and rest,just noise.
Keep Smiling & One day Life will tired of upsetting you :)
Life on earth is expensive, but it includes a free trip around the sun.
I’m not failed…my success is just postponed for some time.
It will take time for me to succeed, because my road to success is under construction.
Love is a journey that leads to no destination.
You’re not perfect, I am not as well, but together we are perfect.
You can meet many beautiful people in a lifetime, but only one person is enough to make your life beautiful.
We don’t have to be alike to be friends. We just have to care about each other!
Sometimes the right one for you is the one who was there the whole time.
Someone Asked me what is UR attitude…… then i simply replied… ” BEING SINGLE IS MY ATTITUDE…”
Stop checking my status ! Go Get A Life :P
Keep Smiling & One day Life will tired of upsetting you :)
Don’t wait until it’s too late to tell someone how much you love and how much you care about them, Becaues when they’re gone, no matter  ho loud you shout and cry they won’t hear you anymore…
I put my trust in Allah, my Lord and your Lord! There is not a moving creature, but He has a grasp of its forelock. Verily, my Lord is on the straight path. (The truth) –
Happy Eid and Happy Holidays to Everyone!
Allah is with those who restrain themselves.
Have patience with what they say, and leaves them with noble (dignity). –
He is the One GOD; the Creator, the Initiator, the Designer. To Him belong the most beautiful names. Glorifying Him is everything in the heavens and the earth. He is the Almighty, Most Wise. –
Knowledge is like underwear. It is useful to have it, but not necessary to show it off.
If I delete your number, you’re basically deleted from my life. Best status Quotes or statuses for facebook
You think that you have damaged me but really you just made me that much more stronger Thank You
Forgive your enemies, But never forget their names..
Be with someone who is proud to have you…
How you see your future is much more important than what happened in your past.
As you move forward in life, you may need tochange your circle of friends. Everyone around you isn’t interested in seeing you improve.
One of the happiest moments is when you find the courage to let go of what you can’t change.
Finding friends that have the same mental disorder as you.
My attitude depends on the people in front of me….
I enjoy when people show Attitude to me because it shows that they need an Attitude to impress me!
A hug is a handshake from the heart.
Sometimes it’s better to put love into hugs than to put it into words.
Love is a circular emotion that surrounds you, like a hug. Or a noose.
I hate those days where you don’t know why, but you just feel sad.
EVERY relationship is temporary u never know when u will die or some one leaves u without a reason
When you take a selfie so good that you can’t believe it’s you.
Keep true to yourself and make sure it is something that your friends could see you say if you were actually there.
Your thoughts effect your emotions, your emotions effect your decisions and your decisions effect your life.
People will notice the change in your attitude towards them, but won’t notice their behavior that made you change.
I felt a great emptiness without him, I will miss him the rest of my life.
I am single as my love story is being written by god and he is busy is making it best.
Happiness is an attitude. We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong. The amount of work is the same.
Life is like a game of chess. To win you have to make a move. Knowing which move to make comes with IN-SIGHT and knowledge, and by learning the lessons that are accumulated along the way.
I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right.
I am a part of all that I have met.
You can’t compare me to the next girl. Because there is no competition. I’m one of a kind, and that’s real.
A bad attitude can literally block love blessings and denting from finding you don’t be the reason you don’t succeed..
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.
Get as rude as possible and don’t let anyone tell you how to live.
I got less but i got best!
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
If people are trying to bring you ‘Down’, It only means that you are ‘Above them’.
When someone says, “You’ve Changed”, It simply means you’ve stopped living your life their way.
Silent people have the loudest minds.
Attitude is like underwear Don’t show it just wore it…!
I Am Not Special , I Am Just Limited Edition :P
Everybody knows how to love, but few people know how to stay in love with one person forever.
Love is not about how much you say “i love you” but how much you can prove that it’s true.Unique Love Facebook Statuses!
Galileo:Great mind…Einstein:genius mind…Newton:Extraordinary mind….Bill gates:brilliant mind…..ME:Never Mind.
The only reason I am fat is because a tiny body couldn’t store all this personality.
Sometimes people don’t realize what they are made of until someone shows them how amazing they really are.Best Facebook Statuses
Adjustment with right people is always better than Argument with wrong people. A meaningful silence is always better than meaningless words.
No matter how many gorgeous faces you set your eyes upon, if you already set your heart for someone, you will hardly notice anyone.
If a hug tell how much i love you, i would hold you in my arms forever
Our marriage is like a workshop. I work and my wife shops.
I’d like to run away from you, but if you didn’t come and find me…. I would die. ~ Shirly Bassey
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
A best friend understands you just a little bit more than you understand yourself.
Every tear you cry is worthwhile , even if the person wasn’t worth crying over it, Because it helps you wash away the Pain…!!
Best relationship: Talk like best friends, play like children, argue like husband and wife, Protect each other like brother and sister…
If you want to know your past – look into your present conditions. If you want to know your future – look into your present actions.
Don’t force yourself on someone who doesn’t love you. It’s like putting food into the mouth of a person who doesn’t wan to eat…
Don’t force them to stay, don’t beg them to love you back, don’t create emotional drama to get attention, stop begging for the treatment you deserve. If all of it is given freely, then that’s worth it otherwise you are just playing dumb with yourself !!
I May Not Be The Most Important Person In Your Life .. But I Just Hope That One Day When You Hear My Name You Would Just Smile and Say ” I Miss This Person ” ..
Learning how to love the little things in life.. Is called learning how to be happy..!
Why am i so afraid to lose you when you’re not even mine..
Sometimes quiet people really do have a lot to say. They’re just being careful about who they open up to..Sometimes quiet people really do have a lot to say. They’re just being careful about who they open up to..
Never cry for the person who hurts you, just smile & say “Thanks for giving me a chance to find someone better than you…”
YOu can find better than me, worse than me, but like me you will never find..
Even the most beautiful days eventually have their own sunsets…
Kindness is the greatest of all balms.
A smile can hide so many feelings. Fear, Sadness, Heartbreak But it Also shows one other thing, Strength
Don’t force someone to remember you all the time… Just Stay silent let them realize ho will they be without you in their life.. :)
We may love the wrong person or cry for the wrong reason. But one thing is sure, mistakes help us find the right person.
Everybody deserves somebody who makes them look forward to tomorrow…
Laughter is  timeless, imagination has no age, and dreams are forever..
Only those who cares about you can hear you when you’re quiet..
Let me tell you about your personality.. .. Select one of the option White Cloud Blue Sea Black Universe Sunset Grass Pink Rose Visit here to check something about you,
Someday, you just have to create your own sunshine.
Best Relationship Talk like best friends, play like children, argue like husband and wife. Protect each other like brother and sister…
Falling in love is easy, but staying in love is something very special.. Takes a lot of work, patience and understanding….
you can’t change how people feel about you, so don’t try. Just live your life and be happy….
If you don’t understand my silence, you will never understand my words…
The biggest coward of a man is to awaken the love of a woman without the intention of loving her….
How beautiful it is to find someone who asks for nothing but your company….
Never let your friends lonely .. Disturb them all the time…
No matter how old yo uboth get, never stop holding hands, never stop dancing, and never stop saying, “i love you”
Sometimes you just have to play the role of a fool to fool the fool who thinks they are fooling you…
If life can remove someone you never dreamed of losing, it can replace them with someone you never dreamy of having…
Be careful who you share your weaknesses with. Some people can’t wait for the opportunity to use them against you…
People come and go The right ones stay…
Everyone who is in your life is meant to be a part of your journey but not all of them are meant to stay…
The more you show your true feelings, the more people find ways to hurt you..
Be yourself no matter what other people think.. God made you the way you are for a reason. Besides, and original is always worth more than a copy..
There’s a big difference between somebody who wants you, and somebody who would do anything to keep you… Remember that..
you never know how strong you are until being strong is your only choice…
Standing alone is better than standing with people who hurt you..
Silence and smile are two powerful words. Smile is the way to solve many problems and silence is the way to avoid many problems..
Don’t mix bad words with your bad mood. you will have many opportunities to change a mood, But you will never get the opportunity to replace the words you spoke..
There’s a big difference betweeen somebody who wants you, and somebody who would do anything to keep you..
Don’t compare your love story to those you watch in movies. They’re written by scriptwriters, yours is written by God.
You never know how strong you are, until being strong is your only choice..
One day someone is going to hold you so tight , that all of your broken pieces will stick back together…
Sometimes people put up walls, not to keep others out, but to see who cares enough to break them down…
Never blame anyone in your life. Good people give you happiness . Bad Peoples give you experience. Worst people give you a lesson & best people give you memories….
There are two kinds of forgiveness. The kind when you forgive and you give them another chance of the kind you forgive but you move on without them. Use them both wisely…
Never apologize for being sensiitive or emotional. Let this be a sign that you’re got a big heart and aren’t afraid to let others see it.. Showing your emotions is a sign of strength…
I asked God to protect me from my enemies, and started losing friends..
Psychology says, the person who tries to keep everyone happy often ends up feeling the loneliest…
Having feelings for someone is scary because that gives them the power to hurt you.
We used pencil when we were small but now we use pens… Do you know why?? Because mistakes in childhood can be erased but not now…
A great relationship is about two things: First, find out the similarities, and second, respect the differences..
Nothing is more beautiful than a real smile, that has struggled through tears..
I’m not looking for someone who has everything, I’m looking for someone who has the time to spend with me more than anything
I don’t care about perfection. I live in reality and based on originality. Forget looks and respect personality.
Weak people revenge strong people forgive. Intelligent people ignore…
People say you can’t live without love… i think oxygen is more important…
A man is truly a man when he wins the love of a good woman earns her respect and keeps her trust…
Don’t mistake my kindness for weakness. I am kind to everyone, but when someone is unkind to me, weak is not what you are going to remember..
Sometimes, all it takes is just one prayer to change everything…
Noting is more beautiful than a resl smile, that has struggled through tears. Best Facebook status Quotes Collection
A Very True Face: When we start giving too much importance to someone in our life, we tend to lose our value in their life..
A man is truly a man when he wins the love of a good woman, earns her respect and keeps her trust.
Never give permanent feelings to a temporary person..
Praing for those who love you that’s sincerity.Praying for those who hurt you that’s Maturity..
Being hones may not get you a lot of friends but it’ll always get you the right ones..
Until my last breath, i will praise the God.
When someone brings more problems into your life than happiness; it’s time to show them the door, where they can exit.
Relationship these days are harder now because conversations become texting , arguments become phone calls, and feelings become status updates.
YOu can never just be friends with somebody you used t love, simply because a little part of you will always love them..
Never reply when you are angry. Never make a promise when you are happy. Never make a desision when you are sad.
You don’t need to waste your time on someone who only wants you around when it fits their needs.
I want to live my life without stress and worries, i don’t need to be rich or famous, i just want to be happy..
Love is not about sex, going on fancy dates, or showing offf. It’s about being with a person who makes you happy in a way nobody else can.
Thinking too much can only cause problems..
Surround yourself with positive peoples.
Being male is a matter of birth. Being a man is a matter of age. But being a gentleman is a matter of choice..
Don’t mistake my kindness for weakness. I am kind to everyone, but when is not what you are going to remember…
3 Lessons to be learn from a pencil. 1) Pain always sharpens you. 2) Everything you do leaves a makr. 3) what’s inside you is useful, not what’s outside.
Enjoy the little things in life because one day you’ll look back and realize they were the big things…
Sensitive people suffer more, but they love more and dream more.
I am stronger because i had to be..
Sometimes my plans fail, but God always gives me a better options..
Never lie to someone who trusts you and Never trust someone that lies to you…
When someone truly cares about you they make an effort, not an excuse..
I usually give people more chances than they deserve but once i’m done, i’m done.
Just believe that good things are on their way.
No matter how good or bad your life is, wake up each morning and be thankful that you still have one.
People come and go in your life, but the right ones will always stay..
A clear rejection is always better than a fake promise…
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Good Friends are like stars. You don’t always see them, but you know they’re always there…
When you fully trust someone without any doubt, you finally get one of two results: A person for life or a lesson for life.
Never change your originality for the sake of others. Because no one can play your role better than you. So be your self . You are the best..
Everybody has gone through something that has changed them in a way that they could never go back to the person they once were.
Having a place to go is a home. having someone to love is a family Having both is a blessings.
When you are in a relationship, one of the keys to it being prosperous is that your mate is also your friend. Have a good day!
Don’t change so people will like you. Be yourself and the right people will love the real you…
once you have feelings for someone Those feelings will always be there. You may not like them anymore, But you’ll still Care..
It’s the meaning we give life that gives us the emotions, that makes our decisions that shape our future.
Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity.
When hungry, eat your rice; when tired, close your eyes. Fools may laugh at me, but wise men will know what I mean.
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
Never let others destroy you… let them make you stronger.
Some people are alive only, because it’s unlawful to kill them.
I usually give people more chances than they deserve but once i’m done, i’m done…
We don’t grow when things are easy; we grow when we face challenges..
i’m a good enough person to forgive you… But not stupid enough to turst you again….
Never accept to be anyone’s second choice.. you deserve more…
Some people come in yoru life as belssings , others come in your life as lessons..
Forget who hurt you yesterday, but don’t forget those who love you everyday. Forget the past that makes you cry and focus on the present that makes you smile.. Forget the pain but never the lessons you gained…
Don’t understand me i know more than i say, think more than i speak, & motice more than you realize…
Sometimes life doesn’t give you something you want, not because you don’t deserve it, but because you deserve More….
Never forget two people in your life… The person who lost everything just to make you win. (your Father) The person who was with you in every pain..(your Mother)
If you find someone who makes you smile, who checks up on your often to see if you’re okay, who watche s ot for you and wants the very best for you, don’t let them go. Keep them close and don’t take them for granted. People like that are hard to find..
if you succeed in cheating someone, don’t think that the person is a fool… Realize that the perosn trusted you much, more than you deserved..
When a woman no longer gets frusterated and upset with you, you can almost guarantee that she doesn’t care anymore. Silence is deadly..
No matter how much good u r, people always have problems!!!
Believe in yourself today, inspire someone tomorrow.
How beautiful it is to have someone who adores the things you try to hide, never give up on you even when you want to give up on yourself…
Stop focusing on how stressed you are and remember how blessed you are….
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
it’s better to have nobody than to have someone who is half thre, or doen’t want to be there..
Hey, remember that person you thought you couldn’t live without? well, look at you, living and shit…
Feelings that come back are feelings that never went away…
Dont worry you may think you’ll never get over it.. But you also thought it would last forever..
I always knew i would look back on my tears and laugh…i never knew i would look back at my laughter and cry..
No matter who tries to teach you lessons about life, you won’t understand it until you have to go through it on your own.
The less you care, the happier you’ll be.
Crying doesn’t mean a person is weak, but it means a person has a heart…
Your smile is your logo, your personality is your business card, how you leave others feeling after having and exprience with you becomes your trademark..
Life is short, live it. Love is rare, grab it. Anger is bad, dumps it. Fear is awful, facebit. Memories are sweet, cherish it..
Walking alone is not difficult.. But when we walked a mile with someone then… Coming back alone is difficult…
The beset way to get over someone is to cut off all ties..
You can’t live a positive life with a negative mind..
Moving on doesn’t mean you forget about things. It just mean you have to accept what happened and continue living…
People may hear yoru words. But they feel your attitude..
The greatest challenge in life is discovering who you are. The second greatest is being happy with what you find..
When two hearts are meant for each other, no distance is too far, no time is too long, and no other love can break them apart..
I am a good enough person to forgive you. But not stupid enough to trust you again!!
you can find better than me, worse than me, but like me you will Never find…!
Nothing is permanent in this world not even our thoubles…
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets. The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears and the kindest hearts have felt the most pain….
Trust enables you to put your deepest feelings and fears in the plam of your partner’s hand, knowing they will be handled with care..
Just remember that the More you ignore me the more i will learn to live without you…
if you have family that love you, a few good friends, food on your table and a roof over your head. you are richer than you think…
Your faith is very important.. I have done the maths, and you are going to be dead a whole lot longer than you will be alive..
Break the rules forgive quickly. Kiss slowly. Love truly. Laugh uncontrollably. And never regret anything that made you smile…
When you are living the best version of yourself, you inspire others to live the best version of themselves..
Wake up everyday stronger than yesterday.. Face your fears and wipe your tears..
Be careful with your words. Once they are said, They can be only forgiven, Not forgotten.
An honest enemy is always better than a friend who lies… pay less attention to what people say and more attention to what they do.. Their actions will show you the truth!!
Understanding is much depper that knowledge there are many people who know us, but very few who understand us…
A single moment of misunderstanding can be so poisonous that it can make us forget the many lovable moments we spent together…
Rich is not about how much you save, Its about how much you give..
Never be a prisoner of your past, become the architect of your future.. :)
“The truth is like salt. Men want to taste a little, but too much makes everyone sick.”
Peace and contenment come from knowing that what is meant for you will never miss you and what misses you was never meant for you…
Once you feel you are avoided by someone Never disturb them again…
This is a moon which learns from you, That is a sun which respects you, There are stars which shine for you, And here… It’s me who live for you. forget me not please…!!
Don’t take my kindness as a sign of weakness…
Dreams are like stars…you may never touch them, but if you follow them they will lead you to your destiny.!!
i always think of you before i fall asleep. The words you said.. The things we laughed about, the silent moments We shared..
I just want to have a place in your heart like you have a place in mine…
Some day if i die. Donot think dat i forgot you. just have a look towords sky, my tears will be a rain drop on your cheeks too say, hey i m still with you.
I love you not because of what you have but because of what i feels… i care for you. not because you need care but because i want to.. I’m always here for you, not because i wan’t you to be with me but because i want to be with you…!
Say something kind and honest to someone today. The world can always use a little more light…
Life is too short to stress yourself. Sometimes you need to stop worrying, planning and just relax release and let go.
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over, it became a butterfly..
you never know how strong you are until being strong is the only chice you have…
Dear brain you don’t undertand. Forgive me this time.. heart..
Don’t loose hope everything happens for a reason you never know what tommorrow may bring…
Even if my heart should break, you’d be the best mistake i’d ever make..
Everyone comes with baggage.. Find someone who loves you enough to help you unpack…
Expect nothing and you will never be disapointed
Learn from yesterday. Live for today hope for tomorrow!!
Spend your time with them who loved you unconditionally, not with those people who loved you only in your good times…
As you gro older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
Remember, anyone can love you when the sun is shining. in the storms is where you learn who truly cares for you!
Remember when you forgive, you heal and when you let Go, you Grow.
Never underestimate the importance of having a person in your life who can always make you laugh….
The best portion of your life weill be the small , nameless moments you spend smilling with someone who matters to you…
If you want to change you have to be willing to be uncomfortable…
Life is like a mirror, we get the best result when we smile at it..
Success means we go to sleep at niht knowing that our talents and abilities were used in a way that served others…
When someone treats you like an option, help the narrow their choices by removing yourself from the equation. it’s that simple..
Sometimes we’re tested Not to show our weaknesses, but to  discover our strengths.
people can say they care, but tit means nothing until they prove it.
it will take 30 seconds to type a text message… that will make her smile fo hours…
it’s simple … never lie to someone who trusts you, and never trust someone who lies to you…
Life becomes easier when you delete the negative people from it…
I am in love with your smile, your voice, your body, your laugh, your eyes, but most of all, i am in love wiht you….
Never leave a person who touches your mind more that your body….
Work hard in silence; let success make the noise..
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.
When inspiration does not come to me, I go halfway to meet it.
Inside myself is a place where I Live All alone…..
The way to get started is quit talking and start doing….
If people are trying to bring you ‘Down’, It only means that you are ‘Above them’.
He looked at her the way all women want to be looked at by a man….
Our days are happier when we give people a bit of our heart rather than a piece of our mind.
Do what makes you happy be with who mekes you smile laugh as much as you breathe loves as long as you live..
Without you, i ‘m nothing without you, i’m  something Togther we’re everything…
One of the hardest parts of life is deciding whether to walk away or try harder.
There are times when i hate you. cause i can’t rease, the times that you hurt me, and tears on my face..
Love can make you feel happy and hurt at the same time….
Sweet words can make you smile but meaningful effort can make you feel special…
Never forget your friends when you’re in a relationship.
Self worth is so vital to your happines…..if you don’t feel good about you, it’s hard to feel good about anything else..
Worrying does not empty tomorrow of tis troubles It empties today of its strength….
What we all want in life to travel, fall in love and be happy.
I’m so scared that I’ll want to love you forever and you’ll only want me for a few moments in your life
The only place where your dream become impossible is in your thinking..
No body notices what i do.. until i don’t do it..
Always be positive :)
Don’t be the same be better!
The biggest mistake by most human beings: listening half, understanding quarter, telling double.
I don’t have an attitude i have a personality you can’t handle…
if you dream it you can do it..
Sometimes ; the best way to get over some one, is to get under someone else..
The past can not be changed forgotten edited, or erased… it can only be accepted..
Forget it enough to get over it, remember it enough so it doesn’t happen again  :’)
No matter how far you go in the wrong direction, there’s always a chance to turn your life around you :’)
Better late than never, but never late is better.
A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.
Sometimes you just have to accept the fact that some people enter your life just as temporary happiness..!!
You never understand anything properly until you explain it to someone else, explain your feelings & understand yourself.
Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
it is hard to fly when something is weighing you down..
Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.
The greatest happiness is to transform one’s feelings into action.
I can’t see myself without you.
Y0u sh0uld’ve slapped Me the day We first met instead 0f Smiling because n0w i just can’t feel any Pain after you played ma heart to this much beat!ng.
Whatever i perform is not to impress you, But to express myself…
Stop trying to be someone you’re not. Be unique, be special, be yourself.
Good chracter is part of a man’s good fortune..
My Favorite place is inside your hugs….
I Cried Today Not Because I Miss You Or Even Wanted You…. But Because I Realized I’m Gonna Be Alright Without You
Not everyone who smile at you and laugh with you is your friend.
Don’t let someone dim your light, simply beause it’s shining in their eyes..
Only you can change yourself, no one else can…
Muskurane mein na koi tax nahi lagta :)
You have to be Good, to be number ONE.
The way I see it, you should live everyday like its your birthday.
I can’t see myself without you.
If You want real life. You should a real friend.
Time, you can’t keep it, but you can spend it.
Work like you don’t need money, love like you’ve never been hurt, and dance like no one’s watching…
Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.
Never regret a day in your life. Good days give you happiness and bad days give you experience.
If life give you 100 reasons to cry show life that you have1000 reasons to smile.
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world…not even our troubles…. :)
It’s easier to ask forgiveness than it is to get permission.
“I’m Sorry” doesn’t automatically fix everything. Apologies can’t fix a broken heart.
I never thought love was worth fighting for but then I look into your eyes I’m ready for war…
Bitterness is like cancer. It eats upon the host. But anger is like fire. It burns it all clean.
Trust is like a knife. Anybody that has it may either protect or kill you!!
Always Stay Happy Because Life Is Too Short :)
Time, you can’t keep it, but you can spend it.
My attitude is based on how you treat me!
Respect is not a gift…You hav to earn it!
I hate it when you talk to someone every single day and then it stops. All of a sudden neither of you say a word to each other
The most important opinion is the one you have of yourself.
Never Trust Those People Who Don’t Understand Your Feelings
If you were a tear I would never dare to cry. I might lose you!
Make sure your words are sweet in case you need to eat them someday.
The good memories are kept in your mind but the best are kept in your heart :)
I don’t want the perfect realtionship, because perfect is impossible. i want trustworthy, honest, loyal and love. i love imperfections. i don’t want perfect . i want worth it.
Say it’s true. There’s nothing like me and you ♥.
Sometimes it’s better to be Alone…Nobody can hurt you.
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased. It can only be accepted.
It’s funny when people say, “Some people can’t take a joke”, but yet they can’t take a joke themselves.
Of course I talk to my own self, because sometimes I needs an expert advice.
I used to loathe ambivalence; now I adore it. Ambivalence is my new best friend!!
Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.
Make time for yourself, you are important.
The greatness of a man is not in how much waelth he acquires but in his integrity and his ability to affect those around him positively.
Dreams is not what you see in sleep is teh thing which doesn’t  let you sleep..
Don’t mix between my personality and my attitude because my personality is me and my attitude depends on you….
Reality of life when you give importance to people they think that you are always free but they don’t understand that you make yourself available for them every time…!!
Love begins at home, and it is not how much we do… But how much love we put in that action..
A man sooner or later discovers that he is the master gardener of his soul, the director of his life…
Life is very complicated. Don’t try to find answers because when you find answers life changes the qutestions..
The most painful goodbyes are the ones that are never said and never explained..
It’s hard to find A friend who is: A friend who is  95% talented 96%funny 98%loving 99% intelligent and 100% sweet So don’t you Dare Lose Me!!!
Life Is Better When You’re Laughing.
People need to learn that their actions do affect other people.. so be careful what you say  and do its not always just about you….!!
The recipe of the soul; 25% genes, 25% karma and 50% of free choice…
Love is a learned behaviour.. If you don’t learn how to love yourself soneone will teach you how to hate yourself..
Trust is like a paper once it’s crumpled it can’t be perfect Again..
“Being the best is the only market that is not cowded”
The greatness of a man is not in how much wealth he acquires but in his integrity and his integrity and his ability to affect those aroind him positively…
Work like you don’t need the money, love like you’ve never been hurt and dance like no one is watching”
A smile is a sign of joy…  A hug is a sign of love….. A laugh is a sign of happiness and   A “Good person like you” is a sign of God’s Blessing.
I want to be your favorite hello and your hardest goodbye..
One day, love and friendship met Love asked why you you exist when already exist?? Friendship smiled and said, “to put a smile where you leave tears..
you are the best thing that’s ever been mine.
SMILE ……… It will uplift your personality and softened a hardened heart…
Staying quiet doesn’t mean i have nothing to say, it means i don’t think  you ‘re ready to hear my thoughts..
The past should be left in the past otherwise it can ddestroy your future live life for what tomorrow has to offer not for what yesterday has aken away..
Got a problem with me? Solve it.. Think i’m trippin? Tie my shoes.. can’t stand me? sit back down.can’t face me??? Turn around…
i don’t understand how i can care this much when you dont care at all.
Don’t assume my posts are about you.. But if you’re affected, then that must mean you’re guilty of something.
Smile let everyone know that today you’re a lot stronger than you were yesterday..
Just keep moving forward and don’t give a shit about what anybody thinks. Do what you have to do for you.
you will never know true happiness until you have truly loved, and you will never understand what pain really is until you have lost it…
Take a risk.If the outcome isn;t what you expected, at least you can say you tried.
Sometimes it is better to be kind than to be right.We do not need and intelligent mind that speaks, but a patient heart that listens.
Just 3 keys to enjoy life: CTRL+ALT+DEl 1. Control yourself 2. Look for atternative solutions 3. Delete the situation Which gives you tension…!!
Love doesn’t hurt. Loving The wrong person Does.
Strong people always have their life in order. Even With tears in their eyes they sill manage to say..”i’m ok!” With a smile!!!
A female that remains loyal to you without a relationship is a female you should wife..
We lose ourselves in the things we love we find ourselves there, too.
Difficult times in life are like wasing machines; they  twist us, spin us and knock us around, but in the end  we come out cleaner , brighter and better than before.
When God is your reason to live, you will never have a reason to quit!!
If i was just a mistake i hope i was your favorite.
i don’t hate you, i’m just disappointed you turned into everything you said you’d never be.
Every one seems normal until you get to know them.
“Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together”
Dreams are not what you leave behind when morning comes. They are the stuff that fill your every living moment.
From Small beginnings… come Great Things..
Cut off fake people for real reasons, not real people for fake reasons.
The only job where you start at the top, is diggin ga hole.
To be successfull you don’t need beautiful face and heroic body, what you need is skillful nind and ability to perform.
Don’t cry because it’s over,smile because it happend!!!
Success Is The Sum Of Small Efforts, Repeated Day in and Day Out…
The plus symbol is made with 2 minus symbols!”  So all NEGATIVE things can B shaped As Positives By Our SMART Work & POSITIVE Thinking!
Don’t Wait For The Right Person To Come Into Your Life. Be The Right Person To Come Into Someone’s Life
Wrong is wrong evenif everyone is doing it Right is right even if only you are doing it!!!
Girls need to appreciate the little things her man does for her. Because if she doesn’t. he’ll find someone who will!!!!@!
I can’t hate……but I can be cold,even frozen with those who let me down many times…!
When the sun is shining I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome.
Beauty Is Power; a SMILE is ITS Sword..
I can’t stop thinking about you and I don’t want to stop.
There is no house more beautiful than the house you happily live in.
Short and meaningful lines: An eye with dust & a heart with trust always cries.
Don’t waste your words on people who deserve your silence. Sometimes the most powerful thing you can say is nothing at all.
Everyone wants to be someone’s everything.
Life ends when you stop dreaming, hope ends when you stop believing and love ends when you stop caring. So dream hope and love makes life beautiful.
Sometimes people try to expose what’s wrong with you because they can’t handle everything that’s right about you.
Saying what you really want and mean, will always save you from relationship misunderstandings…
The best place in the world is in the arms of someone who will not only hald you at your best but will pick you up and hug you tight at your weakest.
As long as you are breathing you still have the chance for a better and happier life.
It’s so easy to play with love, so easy to fool someone, so easy to make someone cry. But it’s so hard if you’re the one who’s played with, fooled and the one who cried. Respect others and say whatever you feel inside.
Relationships are like a Book. It takes years to write but second to burn.
Be thankful for what you have. You have no idea how many people would love to have what you got.
My life, My choices, My mistakes, My lessons, Not your business.
All those who are still in school, this is for you – You are having the best time of your life, live it.
I believe GOD per perfect plan for my life!
Sometimes you keep your feelings to yourself because it’s hard for someone else to understand them.
Know yourself, and know your opponent. They are never as strong as you think, and never as weak either.
Decisions are the hardest moves to make, especially when it’s a choice between what you want and what is right.
Best Advice: Silence is the best answer for all questions and smiling is the best reaction in all situations.
The best gifts you can give to someone are not things. The best ones to offer are a little time, love, care and respect.
Someone’s opinion of you does not have to become your reality. Surround yourself with people who make you a better person.
I might not be the best, but I’ll give you my best.
Waiting until your parents are in a good mood before asking them for something you want.
Best conversations always happen late in the night. :)
Every night we go to bed without any assurance of being alive the next morning but still we set the alarm to wake up.. That’s called hope.
Ever looked at your EX and wondered “Was I drunk the entire relationship”.
There are some people in life that just makes you laugh a little louder, smile a little bigger and live a little bit better.
Appreciate your parents. You never know what sacrifices they went through for you.
Sometimes you have to do what’s best for you and your life, not what’s best for everyone else.
Sometimes life is too hard to be alone and sometimes its too good to be alone.
Life is so ironic. It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noice to appreciate silence & absence to value presence.
I love you so much that it hurts not having you by my side with each passing day. I miss you, I need you, I want you.
I may not be the best but I’m definitely not like the rest.
No matter how many gorgeous faces you set your eyes upon, if you already set your heart for someone, you will hardly notice anyone.
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.
Before you assume, learn. Before you hurt, feel. Before you judge, understand. Before you say, THINK.
People are always going to judge you, but their opinions should never influence how you feel about yourself.
Have faith. When GOD gives you a dream, he will give you the opportunities to achieve it.
To all my family and friends, I just wanted to tell you that I love you, because yesterday is gone, today’s almost over and tomorrow isn’t promised.
In any relationship, when attachment dies, formalities are born and when formalities born then nothing remains.
In life you’ll realize there is a purpose for everyone you meet. Some will test you, some will teach you, and some will use you. But most importantly, some will bring out the best in you.
When I look back on my life, I see pain, mistakes and heartache. When I look in the mirror, I see strength, learned lessons, and pride in myself.
Falling in live is like jumping off a really tall building, your brain tells you it is not a good idea, but your heart tells you, you can fly.
The worst battle you have to fight is between what you know and what you feel.
B+ … Not my blood group neither my grade in maths … Its my favourite quote. “BE POSITIVE”
The best thing about a picture is that it never changes even when the people in it do.
Sometimes all you can do is not think, not wonder, not imagine, not obsess. Just breathe, and have faith that everything will work out for the best.
Don’t think too much. You’ll create a problem that wasn’t even there in the first place.
Love and Hope is all you need. If you believe, you will always succeed.
Running away from your problems is a race you’ll never win.
Always be happy, always wear a smile, not b’coz life is full of reasons to smile but b’coz your smile itself is a reason for many others to smile.
You meet thousands of people and none of them really touch you. Then you meet one person, and your life is changed forever.
Keep your head up. GOD gives his hardest battles to his strongest soldiers.
They say nothing lasts forever, We’ll have to prove them wrong.
God has made someone for everyone and I know it is you with whom I would like to be forever.
It seems when you want someone, they don’t want you. And when someone wants you, you don’t want them. And when you both want eachother, something has to come around and mess it up.
A million feelings, a thousand thoughts, a hundred memories, all for one person.
One of the best feelings in the world is knowing your presence and absence both mean something to someone.
People never remember the million times you help them, only the one time you don’t.
When we are depressed we expect love from others but when we are happy we just forget to give love to the depressed one.
Being sad with the right people is better than being happy with the wrong ones.
Stop advertising your relationship on Facebook. Not everyone wants to see you happy.
When I look back on my life, I see pain, mistakes and heart ache. When I look in the mirror, I see strength, learned lessons and pride in myself.
Do not think about the past. Accept the present. Think for the future & face tomorrow with a sweet and beautiful smile.
If someone really loves you, they wouldn’t let you slip away no matter how hard the situation is.
I’m the kind of person that no matter how sad I am, I’m still going to make you smile.
Sometimes in our life we play with time but when we finally realize that we want to get serious… time starts playing with our life….
Sometimes no matter how much you try to speak your heart out, words aren’t just enough to describe how you truly feel.
Don’t think of the things you didn’t get after praying. Think of the countless blessings God gave you without asking.
I wonder what the person I’m going to marry is doing right now.
When someone loves you they don’t have to say it; you can tell by the way they treat you.
It’s funny how 1 text, 1 song, 1 mistake, 1 lie, 1 truth and 1 person could change your mood in 1 second.
Don’t ever be afraid of change. Always remember God will never take anything away from you without the intention of replacing it with something much better.
Remember, people will judge you by your actions, not your intentions. You may have a heart of gold but so does a hard-boiled egg.
If you don’t clear your misunderstanding in time they become the reason for distance forever.
It is not he bad memories that make you sad but the best ones that you can’t bring it back.
Never forget who was there for you when no one else was.
Being single is not a big deal b’coz sooner or later you will find your true love.
Sometimes its not the person you miss, but the feelings and moments you has when you were with them.
Don’t lose hope. When the SUN goes down, the STARS come out.
Keep smiling, b’coz life is a beautiful thing and there’s so much to smile about.
Sometimes you have to forgive & forget. Forgive them for hurting and forget they even exist.
If you want to know your past, look into your present conditions. If you want to know your future, look into your present actions.
I don’t have ABS or orgasmic shoulder muscles but I have a Heart that will treat you right.
Don’t let time sneak up on you. Enjoy every moment that you can.
It’s not a matter of finding the right person but its a matter of being the right person for the one you choose to love.
Be nice to people on your way up b’coz you will meet them on your way down.
The best things in life are the people you love, the places you have seen and the memories you have made along the way.
Often in life we forget the things we should remember and remember the things we should forget.
May you follow your dreams and always believe in yourself. Keep your eyes on the stars and hope in your heart.
SMILE ….. It irritates those who wish to destroy you.
When you are in bright light. Everyone Will Follow you But when you are in darkness even your own shadow will not follow you.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Don’t prioritize your friends over your family. Friends come and go but your family will be with you even when you’ve fallen.
You can’t blame someone for walking away if you didn’t do anything to make them stay.
If you treat me like an option, I’ll leave you like a choice.
Physical strength is measured by what we can carry and inner strength by what we can bear.
Maturity is not when we start speaking big things. Its when we start understanding small things.
Life is too short to hide your feelings. Don’t be afraid to say what you feel.
The best revenge is happiness, b’coz nothing drives people more crazy then seeing someone actually having a good life.
People that are meant to be together always find each other in the end.
Always say goodbye with a smile for those you love. It may be the last time you’ll ever see them.
They ignore you now but they will need you later, thats life.
Good relationships are like trees. They provide shade to us shade in all situations of life.
I want to be the one who makes you smile.
My love for you is a journey starting at 4ever and ending at never.
Yesterday = Experience ~ Today = Experiment ~ Tomorrow = Expectations. Use ur EXperience in your EXperiment to achieve your EXpectations.
Let us not love in word or talk but in deed and in truth.
Awsome moment when you listen to old songs and they remind you of the good old days.
Dont use your words to describe the situation. Use your words to change the situation.
GOD understands our prayers even when we can’t find the words.
If you don’t thank GOD for every smile, then you have no right to complain about every tear.
Cuddling in bed and falling asleep is probaby the best feeling in a relationship.
Best Relationship: Talk like best friends, play like children, argue like husband & wife, protect each other like brother and sister.
Find a heart that will love you at your worst and arms that will hold you at your weakest.
Relationships are like a Book. It takes years to write but second to burn.
Distance means so little when someone means so much.
I am not perfect but loving you makes me the best. ♥
I still remember the feeling I felt when I first started talking to you.
Facebook is the only book that we read everyday.
Its better to let go with a smile in face than to hold on with tears in eyes.
Im not looking for someone who has everything. But someone who has time to spend with me more than anything.
Sometimes second chance work out better than the first b’coz you already learned from your mistakes.
Beauty doesn’t last forever but a beautiful personality does.
All I want and all I need is only YOU!
Happiness is the only thing you can give without having.
Spend your life with who makes you happy, not with who you have to impress.
I wish memories were like text messages. You can delete the ones you hate and keep the ones you like.
Never give up on something or someone that you truly belive in.
Always remember that the most beautiful curve on your body is your smile :)
Learn from yesterday, live for today and hope for tomorrow.
When people have something bad to say about you, its b’coz they don’t have anything good to say about themselves.
Waking up in truth is much better than living in a lie.
Some relations are like TOM & JERRY. They tease eachother but can’t live without eachother.
Stupid conversations make sense when you are talking to someone special.
Just because things are not good now does not mean they will be that way forever.
Use everyday as an opportunity to make tomorrow even more better.
Always remember to smile. You may not know it, but someone might be dying to see that smile everyday.
Don’t let yourself be controlled by these 3 things. Your past, people & money.
People don’t always need advice. Sometimes all they need is a hand to hold, ear to listen and heart to understand.
I love thosee random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now.
No words are necessary between two loving hearts.
I will take care of you more than I do to my self.
Everyone can say they care but not everyone can prove it.
May you follow your dreams and always believe in yourself. Keep your eyes on the stars and hope in your heart.
Be careful who you trust and tell your problems to. Everyone who smiles at you is not your friend.
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
Sometimes we waste too much time to think about someone that does not think about us for 1 second.
Most of us are just about as Happy as we make up our MINDS to be.
Destiny is not a matter of chance. Its a matter of choice.
I am 99% sure that she doesn’t like me but it’s that 1% that keep me hangin on.
It will be worth it to be with someone who knows your worth.
If it does not feel right to you, then maybe it’s not right for you.
The people who appear strongest on the outside are the weakest within
It is not happy people who are thankful. It is thankful people who are happy.
I dont care if anyone does not like me. I was not born in this world to entertain everyone.
I don’t want to be your whole world. Just your favorite part in it.
Love is the seventh sense which destroys all other 6 senses.
I dont want a relation where people say they look so cute together. I need a relation where people say, Look how happy they are together.
Promises are like babies! Fun to make but hell to deliver.
If you like me, tell Me. if you miss me show it and if you love me, PROVE IT.
Sometimes I wish I could read your mind to find out how you feel about me.
Teachers open the door but you must enter by yourself.
The best things in life are FREE …. Family, Friends, Smiles, Hugs, Kisses, Love, Sleep, Good Memories.
Just because you have a heart, it does not make you a human. You need to have emotions in that.
If you dont believe in yourself, Do you think anyone else would?
I am single but not available.
Trust me, everybody is kind so long as you dont disturb to them.
Never let life discourage you; Everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was.
Sometimes you need to run away to see who will follow you.
You can ignore me for as long as you want, but you can never change the memories that I brought in your life.
By the way, I’m wearing the smile you gave me.
When I think of you, I don’t think of tomorrow.
The second half of a man’s life is made up habits he has acquired during the first half.
My parents treated me like I had a brain which caused me to have One.
Man can’t discover new oceans until he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Wishes are always granted but you just have to wait for the perfect time.
Sometimes the easiest things to hold on are hardest to let go.
I never wanted to be famous. I only wanted to be great.
We always overestimate our worries & underestimate our potential.
Dont count your days. Make your days count.
The world means a lot more when people mean the world to each other.
Every single moment counts. When you add them all up, they equal your life.
Accept what you cant change, and change what you cant accept.
Love is like the Sun it shines bright and warms your heart.
Absence sharpens love, but presence strengthens it.
You can teach math science history philosophy but you can’t teach common sense.
You know what’s so hard to find, someone you can actually trust.
The difference between CAN and CANNOT are only three letters. Three letter that determine your life direction.
If it is important to you, you will find a way. If not, you will find an excuse.
The best way to tell a girl you love her is to sit beside her, hold her, rest her head on your heartbeat, and stay quiet.
People always say to follow your heart, but what they dont tell you is that if you follow your heart, it doesn’t mean there will be a happy ending.
Yes I am single. Youre gonna have to be amazing to change that.
I wish I could go back in time and find you sooner, that way I could love you longer.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
The true measure of compatibility is not the years spent together… but how good you are for each other.
You are a mistake I would gladly repeat.
It takes years to build friendship, years more to build love and only seconds to throw it all away.
Please tell me you will remember, no matter how much I do wrong, that I had the best of intentions all along.
I can talk to hundreds of people in one day, but none of them compare to the smile you can give me in one minute.
Sometimes its easier to say that you dont care than to explain all the reasons why you still do.
I love you more today than I did yesterday, but not as much as I will tomorow.
The best time to do something worthwhile is between yesterday and tomorrow.
Looking good is the best revenge.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
A person who asks a question is a FOOL for five minutes, A person who doesn’t is a FOOL forever.
Success makes life easier. It doesn’t make living easier.
Things that come for free are the most expensive in life.
Many fine things can be done in a day if you don’t always make that day tomorrow.
Do not go where a path may lead. Instead go where there is no path and leave a trail.
If you cant live for today, live for tomorrow.
In the end, its not going to matter how many mistakes you made, but how you used them to make you a stronger person.
When we love, it is not necessary to understand what is happening outside, because everything happens inside us instead.
There are many things in life that will catch your eye, but only a few will catch your heart … pursue those.
When men and women are able to respect and accept their differences then love has a chance to blossom.
Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out, but to see who cares enough to break them down.
It is better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life.
Just remember; someone loves everything you hate about yourself.
I may not be your 1st love, 1st kiss, 1st sight, or 1st date but I just want to be your last.
Trust takes years to gain it, but in a second it can be gone, forever.
God often removes someone from your life for a reason. Think before you chase after them.
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
A hundred hearts would be too few To carry all my love for you.
We always ignore the ones who adore us, and adore those who ignore us.
Just because you cant see the air doesn’t mean you stop breathing. And just because you cant see God doesn’t mean you stop believing.
It takes a second to make a mistake but a lifetime to forget it was your fault.
Never say never because in life, you always expect the unexpected.
Just because one person doesn’t love you don’t mean you should forget about everyone else that does.
No one is perfect until you fall in love with them.
Three things of life that are most valuable. Love, self confidence & friends.
Tears, hopes, fears, dreams, wishes, love, like, hate, fate. Those are many of the things that hold weight.
Life is like a mirror … we get the best results when we smile at it :)
If you’re absent during my struggle, don’t expect to be present during my success.
Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things.
Women fall in love in the presence of a man, while men fall in love in the absence of a woman.
In life, the only constant thing, is CHANGE.
Life is too short to spend with someone who makes your days difficult.
Harsh words hurt feelings but silence breaks hearts.
There are two things needed in these days; first, for rich men to find out how poor men live, and second, for poor men to know how rich men work.
It is not what you can do for your country, but what you can do for all of mankind.
When life changes to be more difficult, you must change yourself to be stronger.
You need to have enough courage not only to come to somebody’s life, but also to stay in it.
The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman’s heart.
I found the reason to smile, the day I found you.
It’s hard to answer the question “what’s wrong” when nothings right.
Biggest mistake ever is thinking with your heart and feeling with your mind. Things aren’t supposed to work this way.
There are hundreds of languages … but a smile speaks them all.
The best things in life are free like Love, Respect, Patience and Kindness.
I don’t wish to be everything to everyone, but I would like to be something to someone.
TRUST: it takes years to build up and seconds to destroy.
Some things in life you have to accept because you have no control over it. Other things you can change because you have the control. You just have to figure out what’s worth fighting for.
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.
Never be dependent to anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when you’re in darkness.
Sometimes we forgive people simply because we want them to remain in our lives. Even when we should actually just let go.
The secret of life is not to do what you like but to like what you do.
Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there.
Can I have my heart back now please.
I wish to belong to you, I’ll be the one you’re looking for and we’ll be the one heaven’s searching for!
Don’t gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold.
Change will always come, not because it has to, not because it wants to, but because it’s necessary.
I do believe that GOD above put me here for you to LOVE. He picked you out among the rest because he know I’d love you best.
Life is like a book no matter how many smiles and tears there are, its always got to end.
Life always has many things to bring you down. But, what can really bring you down is your attitude.
As a kid, you can’t wait to grow up. As an adult, you wish you were a kid again.
In life, problems continuously come and go. It never stops. So just enjoy, learn, and face it!
Letting go of the bad memories, makes room for the good memories.
God Gives every bird it’s food, But he does not throw it into it’s nest.
The best gift you can give to someone is your time. Because you give them somothing you can never get back.
Do I turn left, when nothing is right? Or do I turn right, when there’s nothing left?
The first step towards getting somewhere is to decide that you are not going to stay where you are.
Cheating is a choice… Not a mistake. Don’t be fooled.
Life is not always what we want it to be. Sometimes, it’s what we never knew we need it to be.
I think its time I let go of the past, live in the present, and look forward to the future.
Can you catch? I think I’m falling for you.
Every heart has a pain.  Only the way of expressing it is different.  Fools hide it in eyes, while brilliant hide it in their smile.
We are very good lawyers for our own mistakes, but very good judges for the mistakes of others.
I may not like the things I’ve done, but they made me love what I’ve become.
Where ever I go, whatever I do, I carry a little part of you with me right here in the center of me heart.
There are three things life brings us: tears, smiles and memories. Tears gets wipe away. A smile fades away. But memories last a lifetime.
3 steps to move on. CTRL + ALT + DEL. Control yourself, look for an alternate solution & delete the situation that hurts you.
Don’t judge me by the mistakes I have made, but by what I’ve learned from them.
Never give your secret to anyone because if you can’t keep it to yourself don’t expect others to.
Instead of thinking about what you are missing, try thinking about what you have that everyone else is missing.
Coins always make sound but currency notes are always silent. So when your value increase keep yourself calm and silent.
Never stop believing. Magic is just science we don’t understand. Every original idea was considered insanity at first.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.
Remember the past, but don’t live in it.
Without love, the rich and poor live in the same house.
Life is meaningless only if we allow it to be. Each of us has the power to give life meaning, to make our time and our bodies and our words into instruments of love and hope.
Never make permanant decisions on temporary feelings.
I like to pretend that everything is alright. Because when everybody else thinks you are fine, sometimes you forget for a while that you’re not.
Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets. So love the people who treat you right, forget about the ones who don’t and believe that everything happens for a reason.
Never tell your problems to anyone…20% don’t care and the other 80% are glad you have them.
It’s beautiful when two strangers become best friends, it’s terribly depressing when two best friends become strangers.
Life is not the amount of breaths you take, its the moments that take your breath away.
Somewhere there’s someone who dreams of your smile and finds in your presence that life is worthwhile so when you are lonely remember its true somebody somewhere is thinking of you.
We spend most of our time talking about nothing but I just want to let you know that all these nothings mean so much more to me than so many somethings.
Even when you think you have no more to give, when a friend cries out to you, you will find the strength to help.
I love your smile and the way you make me smile.
Truth is the only safe ground to stand on.
You Can Ignore Me As Long As You Want  But  You Can Never Change The Memories I Brought To Your Life…
God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today. Have you used one to say “thank you”?
Every woman is wrong until she cries, and then she is right, instantly.
I sit here and wonder if you’ll ever understand just how much of me belongs to you.
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.
Don’t feel bad. A lot of people have no talent.
Success is a relative term. It brings so many relatives.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil…pointless.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.
The best and most beautiful things in the world can’t be seen, nor touched, but are felt in the heart.
She hates me….but…. she can’t hate me up to that limit beyond which I love her.
Loving someone is madness ! I am HAPPY when people call me MAD.
A hundred hearts would be too few to carry all my love for you.
Relationships do not need promises, terms, and conditions. It just needs two wonderful people one who can trust and one who can understand.
Be confident. You will never get anywhere if you don’t believe in yourself.
There Are Millions Of People In This world, But In The end It All Comes Down To One
Success is the Best Revenge
Live for today, because yesterday is over and tomorrow may never come.
I know eventually it will all be alright but right now it’s not.
That’s cute how you think that affects me. Truly adorable.
Everybody’s a self-made man, but only the successful ones are ever willing to admit it
Don`t go that extra mile for someone who isn`t even worth the run.
Be wise in the decisions you make! sometimes it only takes a minute to make a decision, but you may end up spending a lifetimes regretting it.
People really should remember to engage their brain before they operate their mouth.
Don’t fear the enemy that attacks you, but the false friend that hugs you. Careful who you trust don’t be naive.
The best thing about being me, I’m a limited edition, there are no other copies!
It doesn’t matter what other people think of you, it only matters what you think of you. Don’t change because one person doesn’t like you.
There comes a time when you have to be strong, hold your head up high, and know you did your best! Don’t ever settle for less than what you deserve..
You’re the best thing that I have, I mean I had.
Sometimes you have to know when to stop hoping.
You define your own life. Don’t let people write your script..
One of the hardest things to do is “TRUST”, especially when those whom you “TRUSTED” the most were those who betrayed you.
Everyday passes by and i am one step closer to the best thing in my life.
Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.
Sometimes, the questions are more important than the answers.
I love photos because the best thing about them is that they never change even when the people in them change and they remind you of the amazing feelings.
Never waste time on someone who does not have time for you. be with someone who will say “time is wasted if I am not with you”
Selfishness is better than selflessness. It’s like being happy without giving a DAMN.
We have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is to be needed.
Forgiving is easy, forgetting is hard.
What`s better? A lie that draws a smile or the truth that draws a tear?
To gain something you’ve never had, you have to do something you’ve never done.
While you’re busy looking for the perfect person, you’ll probably miss the imperfect person who could make you perfectly happy..
Never judge a book by it’s cover, or even after you have only read a few chapters, you should never voice an opinion until you know the entire story.
‎ And at the end of the day I know I did the best I could do
The best way to screw up your life is to listen to others when they tell you how to live it.
Never settle for less when you KNOW you deserve the BEST..
Remember… every thing in life is a Choice, and every Choice comes with a Consequence, whether good or bad, Stop and think before you Choose your Consequence!
Sooner or later it wont all be about looks anymore, it will be about whats inside, trust, loyalty and honesty and finding true happiness.
Life is meant to be lived by facing the challenges it brings.
The word “HATERS” begins with the word “HA” for a reason.
Learn to appreciate what you have before time forces you to appreciate what you had
The person who can find sorrow behind your smile… words behind your silence and love behind your anger, is the person who can hold you forever.
View life as a continuous learning experience.
Never put your happiness in someone elses hands.
The best thing in life is doing what people say you can’t do.
One of the best things in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still loves you and wants to be a part of all the craziness ..
Smile. It irritates those who wish to destroy you..
Good things come in good time.
The best feeling in the world is when you KNOW your heart is smiling..
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day of the year.
Beauty isn`t measured by the number of likes of your picture on Facebook..
What made you happy once, might not make you happy now.
I`m in love with your statuses. You always make me smile…
In an emergency, I`d probably write status about it before calling the police.
Facebook really needs a `No one cares` button..
Log Out is the hardest button to press…
The awkward moment when someone likes your picture that you posted 8 months ago.
The best love story is when you fall in love with the most unexpected person at the most unexpected time.
If you don`t want me to cross the line, then don`t draw one.
3 Main rules in Relationships: Don`t lie, Don`t cheat, and Don`t make promises you can`t keep.
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased. It can only be accepted.
The secret to happiness is not in doing what one likes to do, but in liking what one has to do.
Girls, being beautiful doesn’t make you nice. Being nice makes you beautiful..
Beauty is power; a smile is its sword..
Admit it, sometimes, even when your crush does something really weird, it still looks cute for you.
You’re always loved by me in ways you’ll never see.
People who are meant to be together will always find their way back.
It`s amazing how much you discover on facebook.
It`s not official until it`s on facebook.
Does anybody know how can I send an enemy request on Facebook?
You can`t face the problem if the problem iz your face.
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased. It can only be accepted.
Instead of focusing on what’s missing, learn to appreciate what’s there.
The biggest problem in life isn`t the problem itself, but how people act upon it.
