Wishing you happiness, good health and a great year ahead. Happy Birthday…
Hope your birthday blossoms into lots of dreams come true!
Happy Birthday My Dear! Our prayers are always with you.
Without Facebook I would forget 90% of my friend’s birthdays.
I’m so awesome, when I was born, I was given a certificate..
God think the world is beautiful then he born u Happy Birthday!!!
Birthdays will come and go but the wishes will live together with us
This anniversary brings you good luck and fortune. It offers you a lot of love and true friendship. Having an amazing birthday.
Birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that the more you have the longer you live.
How do you expect me to remember your birthday when you never look any older. Happy Birthday!
Don’t worry about your age, you will be older next year.. Happy birthday!
I eat cake every day because I know somewhere out there, it’s someone’s birthday and I need to show respect.
May your special day bring a smile to your face, happiness to your heart and many blessings to your steps!
Some like Sunday some like Monday, but i like your birthday.happy birthday my sweetheart.
Birthday is a perfect time to ask yourself the most important questions in life! Like: “How many pieces of cake can I eat and still fit into my underpants tomorrow?” Wish you a very happy and sweet birthday!
I eat cake every day because I know somewhere out there, it’s someone’s birthday and I need to show respect.
Life is to be enjoyed, not just endured Happy Birthday  May this birthday brings you happiness, prosperity and joy. Wishing you a birthday that is filled with fun and party. Happy Birthday To you…
Happy Birthday to a beautiful Lady who makes my life happy.
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
Happy Birthday to a person that’s charming, talented and witty, and reminds me a lot of myself.
A cheerful look brings joy to the heart, and good news gives health to the bones.
*H* *A* |*P*| /*Y*/ *B* *I* *R* |*T*| /*H*/ /*D*/ /*A*/ /*Y*/
May you have: All the joy your heart can hold All the smiles a day can bring; All the blessings a life can unfold; May you get the world’s best in everything. Wishing you a very happy Birthday!
May this day bring countless happiness and endless joy and live with peace and serenity. Happy Birthday Dear.
Βecause I have Α friend like yοu, Εvery day feels like Α holiday. Ι can’t wait tο celebrate your Βirthday like it’s Τhe most important day οf the Υear!
Μay my words Βring you even Α fraction of the jοy you Αre. Ι think you are Τhe most amazing Ρerson I have Εver met!
Wishing you a birthday filled with sweet moments and wonderful memories to cherish always! Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday and many happy returns of the day….
Thinking of you with love on your birthday and wishing you everything that brings you happiness today and always.
Hopes your tiny, soul-sucking cubicle provides you a warm atmosphere in which to celebrate your birthday.
Happy birthday to someone close to me. Hope all the angels are singing to you in heaven.
You could just change your birthday to april first, watch everyone write happy birthday on your wall, and at the end of the day make your status.
When I turned two I was really anxious, because I’d doubled my age in a year. I thought, if this keeps up, by the time I’m five I’ll be 64.
I m so glad you were born, because you have a brighten of my life and filled it with joy.. Happy b’day…
Happy Birthday to the most amazing man ever.. I love you soo much..
Old is when you start thinking about the things you used to do more than the things you’re going to do.
I really don’t want a birthday card. Just give me the $4 you would’ve spent on it. If it makes you feel better sign your name on each dollar.
You may grow a year old every year, but I hope your spirit remains fresh and youthful. Happy Birthday!
On this special day i just want to say happy birthday
Extra special wishes For an extra special day, May you have much Happiness in every Single way
Words alone are not enough to express how happy I am you are celebrating another year of your life! My wish for you on your birthday is you are and will always be happy and healthy! Don’t every change.
My best wishes are with you on this joyous occasion, Happy Birthday to you!
May you be gifted with life’s biggest joys and never-ending bliss. After all, you yourself are a gift to earth, so you deserve the best. Happy Belated Birthday!!!
Blow out the candles, wish away you are the superstar of the day happy Birthday!!!
Be grateful for another year that God gave you to live in this world, and thank him for another mission that he ave to you to solve.. Happy Birthday!!
Happy Birthday Wishing you a day filled with happiness and a year filled with joy!!!
Just Dropped In To Wish You A Birthday Full Of Happies!!
Happy Birthday Even Though I Tried To KILL You All Those Times When We Were Kids.
Wishing an amazing day and Many Great Things To Come To A Wonderful Person. Happy birthday.
Baby Happy Birthday To Hope You Will Always Have A Good Health, More Career In Life..And Hope That More Birthdays To Come..Always Take Care And I Love You So Much.
That awkward moment When it`s your birthday, and people are singing Happy Birthday to you, and you just stand there, clueless of what to do.
May God shower his choicest blessings on you. wishing you happiness, good health and a great year ahead. Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday. Wishing you more glorious and wonderful years on the surface of the earth – or wherever you might be.
May your birthday be filled with many happy hours and your life with many happy birthdays. HAPPY BIRTHDAY
May this birthday of yours bring you good luck and fortune. But even more than that, may it bring you oodles of true love and friendship. Happy Birthday
May this birthday bring you good luck and fortune. May it bring you oodles of true love and friendship. Have an amazing birthday.
You mean everything to me … I Love You … HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Have a day as special as you are!
Wishing you a birthday filled with sweet moments and wonderful memories to cherish always! Happy Birthday
Thinking of you with love on your birthday and wishing you everything that brings you happiness today and always. Happy Birthday Sweetheart.
May this day be the beginning of another beautiful year for you. May there be pleasant surprises, loads of joy and infinite happiness. Wish you a very happy birthday.
Thinking of you on your birthday and wishing you everything that brings happiness today and tomorrow. Happy birthday
I may not be celebrating your special day with you but I want you to know that I am thinking of you & wishing you a HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
:) May this day bring countless happiness and endless joy and live with peace and serenity. Happy Birthday
Define Birthday?  “The one and only day in your life when you were crying and your mother was laughing.”
Wishing an amazing day and many great things to come to a wonderful person. Happy birthday.
Thinking of you with love on your birthday and wishing you everything that brings you happiness today and always.
A birthday is just the first day of another 365-day journey around the sun.  Enjoy the trip. HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Birthdays are natures way of telling us to eat more cake.
Happy Birthday to one of the few people whose birthday I can remember without a Facebook reminder.
Without my driver’s license, you’ll just have to believe the age I tell you.
Didn’t I already celebrate this birthday, like 2 birthdays ago?
I may not look my age but I sure as hell feel it.
Thanks to everyone for the Birthday wishes! To anyone who missed it.”No cake for you!”
All I got you for your birthday was this post. Hope you enjoy it! Try not to read it all at once. Happy Birthday
I’m not just a year older I’m also a year better and prettier. I know your jealous.
To me,”being the bigger person” means wishing a happy birthday on facebook to people who did not wish me one.
Birthdays are good for you. The more you have, the longer you live.
No wise man ever wished to be younger..
I am wondering why google hasn’t changed its logo as it was my birthday?
I have no birthday that means I was not born therefore I cannot die.
Happy Birthday to the most amazing man ever.. I love you soo much..
Yes, today is my birthday, Therefore I will be treated like a Queen..
Today, Not 1 person said HAPPY BIRTHDAY to me It wasn’t a shock today not my birthday
May God shower his choicest blessings on you. wishing you happiness, good health and a great year ahead.
May it be the best day of your life thus far, & may your happiness grow with each passing day through the many many birthdays that surely are ahead of you.
God bless this special best friend of mine with all happiness and accomplishment in life.I’m truly blessed to have yo as my best est buddy.
On your birthday lots of people are thinking of you. I just wanted to let you know that I am one of them..
May it be the best day of your life thus far, & may your happiness grow with each passing day through the many many birthdays that surely are ahead of you.
Happy, Happy Birthday! I hope the day has been blessed with the presence of those you love most, and many magical moments!
Just want to THANK ALL OF YOU for making me feel special on my Birthday, Love You Guys!
Count your nights by stars, not shadows. Count your days by smiles, not tears.  On your birthday, count your age by friends, not years.
Hope your birthday blossoms into lots of dreams come true! May today be filled with laughter and love. Happy Birthday and many happy returns of the day.
Birthdays are good for you. The more you have, the longer you live.
I have no birthday that means I was not born therefore I cannot die..
Nobody wished me a happy birthday today, which isn’t surprising really, since it isn’t my birthday…
Did you know i was born on my birthday…
Happy, Happy Birthday! I hope the day has been blessed with the presence of those you love most, and many magical moments!
Happy birthday to someone close to me. Hope all the angels are singing to you in heaven.
Happy birthday, my friend. I can’t imagine celebrating with anyone else.
On your birthday, today, I wish you a year with loads of fun, excitement and beautiful memories. Happy birthday.
May you live as long as you want and never want as long as you live.
Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are..
Happy Birthday! I hope its filled with love, laughs, and family..
You had me. You lost me, So keep walking cause i am done talking.
Hopes your tiny, soul-sucking cubicle provides you a warm atmosphere in which to celebrate your birthday.
Actually, I didn’t forget your birthday, but since you forgot mine I waited until a day after to send this.
Happy Birthday even though I tried to kill you all those times when we were kids.
The fact that a Facebook reminder told me it was your birthday doesn’t make it any less special.
Happy Birthday to one of the few people whose birthday I can remember without a Facebook reminder.
Birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that the more you have the longer you live.
When I turned two I was really anxious, because I’d doubled my age in a year. I thought, if this keeps up, by the time I’m five I’ll be 64.
Age is something that doesn’t matter, unless you are a cheese.
For all the advances in medicine, there is still no cure for the common birthday.
I have no birthday that means I was not born therefore I cannot die.
Thinks birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest.
