I’ve always found that the speed of the boss is the speed of the team. Happy Boss Day
Be nice to the nerd. They may be your boss one day.
Glad I work for you.. Happy Boss Day
You give us the strength and support to carry on… Happy Boss Day!!
I’ve always found that the speed of the boss is the speed of the team. Happy Boss Day
Happy Boss Day TO a wonderful person… And a great Boss!!
When you make a winning project, ur boss is going to get another promotion.
It is impossible to be successful and prosperous, if you can’t organize people to achieve maximum results.
Even when the whole world is rushing, there are some who take time to mentor,encourage and inspire.Like you. And i ‘m lucky to be working with you.. Happy Boss’s Day!!
A True Leader sees not just what we are.. but inspires us to be what we can be. Your dedication,passion&vision are really inspiring thank you for everything you do.
There is no bonus better than , just you.. It’s great working with you… Wishing you a very very happy boss Day!!
you make this a great place to work!! Happy Boss’s Day to you!!
An employee’s inspiration is a straight result of the sum of interactions with his or her manager.
When the Boss IS A Way, Work Becomes A Holiday.
People always ask the different between boss and leader.The leader leads and the boss drives.
The first myth of management is that it exists. The second myth of management is that success equals skills.
The smallest act of sympathy is value more than the grandest intention. Thanks for helping me always. Happy Boss’s Day
To YOU On Boss’s Day. Here’s a WISH That today is FILLED with ALL the good THINGS You Deserve.
A good boss is a person who can tolerate my complaints and still manage to say hello to me every day.
An employee’s motivation is a direct result of the sum of interactions with his or her manager.
Live your life, not someone else’s. do what is best for you. you set the rules and the guidelines. you are your boss !!
Leadership isn’t a skill, it’s a talent, we appreciate how you always give your best and inspire us to do the same. We’re glad to work with you. Happy Boss’s Day
when the boss is a way, work becomes a holiday!!!
Being a leader is making the people you love hate you a little more each day.
i am not like a boss i am the boss.
I am not the boss of my house. I don’t know when I lost it. I don’t know if I ever had it. But I have seen the boss’s job and I do not want it.”
“A boss creates fear, a leader confidence. A boss fixes blame, a leader corrects mistakes. A boss knows all, a leader asks questions. A boss makes work drudgery, a leader makes it interesting.”
Dream big.. like a boss!! your drams should be so powerful you can’t sleep because they won’t get out of your head..
Act like a lady and Think Like a Boss!!!
Look like a girl Act like a lady. Think Like a man And work like a Boss!!
A good boss makes his men realize they have more ability than they think they have so that they consistently do better work  than they thought they could.
To YOU On Boss’s Day. Here’s a WISH That today is FILLED with ALL the good THINGS You Deserve. Happy Boss’s Day…
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention. Thanks for helping me always. Happy Boss’s Day
Everyone knows a boss is only as good as his or her employees. Happy Boss’s Day to the greatest boss ever.
I’ve always found that the speed of the boss is the speed of the team. Happy Boss Day
An employee’s motivation is a direct result of the sum of interactions with his or her manager.
Closing all the internet windows by the time your boss gets to your desk is like getting the keys into the door before the killer gets you.
The difference between a job and a career is the difference between forty and sixty hours a week.
A good boss is a person who can tolerate my complain and still manage to say hello to me every day.
When boss is away, work becomes a holyday.
I can no other answer make, but, thanks, and thanks.
The only time some people work like a horse is when the boss rides them.
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention. Thanks for helping me always.
People ask the difference between a leader and a boss. The leader leads, and the boss drives.
A good manager is a man who is not worried abt his own career but rather the careers of those who work for him.
A group or an artist shouldn’t get his money until his boss gets his.
Thanks for helping me always, Happy boss day.
The way to find the real boss is to find out who hires the lawyers.
Monday is a lame way to spend 1/7 of your life.
The best leader is the one who has sense enough to pick good men to do what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it.
By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day.
Show me a man who is a good loser and I’ll show you a man who is playing golf with his boss.
In my house I’m the boss, my wife is just the decision maker
If you think your boss is stupid, remember You wouldn’t have a job if he was any smarter
The speed of the boss is the speed of the team
When you create a successful project, your boss is going to get another promotion
The person who knows how will always have a job. The person who knows why will always be his boss.
You are such a great boss you deserve to be on Mount Rushmore. We’ll handle things here until you get back. Happy Boss’s Day
Leadership is not a skill, it is a talent we appreciate how you always give your best and inspire us to do the same. We’re glad to work with you Happy Boss’s Day.
Do not blame the boss. He has enough problems
Most people like a hard work  Particularly when they are paying 4 it
A good boss is a person who can tolerate my complaints and still manage to say hello to me every day.
One measure of leadership is the caliber of people who choose to follow you.
In Honor of Boss’s Day, we were going to give you the same thing we always do…but who needs more grief? Happy Boss’s Day..
To You on Boss’s Day. Here’s a wish that today is filled with all the good things you deserve. Happy Boss’s Day..
Leadership isn’t a skill, it’s a talent, we appreciate how you always give your best and inspire us to do the same. We’re glad to work with you. Happy Boss’s Day
It’s so great to work for a manager who knows how to get the best out people, by just being a great person. Happy Boss’s Day..
The only time some people work like a horse is when the boss rides them.
If you tell the boss you were late for work because you had a flat tire, the next morning you will have a flat tire.
Ability is what will get you to the top if the boss has no daughter.
Don’t blame the boss. He has enough problems.
The executive exists to make sensible exceptions to general rules.
If you think your boss is stupid, remember, you wouldn’t have a job if he was any smarter.
The best time to start thinking about your retirement is before the boss does.
