Bundle of some sweet wishes for you. Merry Christmas…
May God Bless you with joy, peace and love on this Christmas.
Wishing you a Happy Merry Christmas 2016.
Happy Christmas to you and your family.
Wishing you all the blessing on this Christmas and throughout the year.
I am dreaming of White Christmas, but it doesn’t snow here.
This Christmas don’t open your wallets, open your heart.
May your life be colorful magnificent, shimmering and joyful. As the Magic of Christmas spreads on you! Merry Christmas!
Christmas is full of beautiful things that marvel us but the most amazing of all is the opportunity to feel and share the love that fills lives.
I know what I’m getting for Christmas … Fat. I’m getting fat.
Love people, not things. Use things, not people.
May the peace and hope of Christ’s birth be with you now and in the days ahead.
One of the most glorious messes in the world is the mess created in the living room on Christmas Day.
Christmas is full of beautiful things that marvel us but the most amazing of all is the opportunity to feel and share the love that fills lives. Merry Christmas!
“Christmas is a time for magic, Christmas makes dreams come ture Hope yours is filled with lots of fun and sparkle too! Wishing you all the love, peace and joy this holy season brings.”
Christmas, my child, is love in action. Every time we love, every time we give, it’s Christmas.
It’s not the holiday season unless you push your body to the brink of alcoholism and diabetes.
As you run from one place to another this holiday season, may joy and love follow you everywhere!
Christmas time Is a time to reflect And celebrate our saviour’s birth; A special time To join together And rejoice that He came to earth.
May you experience lots of love, laughter and joy this Christmas and beyond and a very Happy New Year too.
May this Christmas be so special that you never ever feel lonely again and be surrounded by loved ones throughout!
May your days be happy, your heart be light, and may your Christmas be joyful and bright. Merry Christmas!
A lovely thing about Christmas is that it’s compulsory, like a thunderstorm.. and we all go through it together. Merry Christmas!
Christmas Brings Hope in us Christmas fills love in our heart Christmas spreads Love from our heart Because Magic of Christmas not only fills our heart but also it spreads the Love from Our Heart Merry Christmas!!
Christmas is the time to show appreciation for the dedication all of you have shown. Let us continue to develop a deeper business relationship so that we can grow and earn more for our families. Merry Christmas to all!
Give glory to God because His Son is with us! Celebrate this day with an open heart so that He can enter our lives. Merry Christmas!
Thinking of you fills our hearts with joy at Christmas time.  Wishing you a joyous Holiday Season and a happy and peaceful New Year.
May beautiful moments and happy memories joyfully surround you this Christmas.
Remembering all the wonderful things – this past year we have shared, leaning on each other, as we did this past year.
My dear friend, I’m wishing you all the blessings of a wonderful Christmastime and I hope you feel all the job this holiday season has to offer. I can’t wait to do all the holiday things with you. I want to bake Christmas cookies, drink eggnog, and decorate the home.
Sending you all my love and the choicest blessings from heaven this Christmas. May you have a brilliant Christmas season. Merry Christmas to you and your loved ones!
The best gifts in life will never be found under a Christmas tree, those gifts are friends, family, children & the one you love.
Merrily and gratefully.. Merry Christmas!!
May this Christmas end the present year on a cheerful note and make way for a fresh and bright new year. Here’s wishing you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
May this Christmas be so special that you never ever feel lonely again and be surrounded by loved ones throughout!
Christmas is time to give and take love.
The most important things that a man has are the feeling of truth and the true feelings. I wish you both! Merry Christmas!
Let this Christmas be full of never failing kindness, beauty and love!
Christmas is the time of giving and sharing. It is the time of loving and forgiving and to feel the Joy and Happiness of being Loved and to be Loved. May this Christmas be a Joyous one as you ever had!! I love you and I always will.
Love, Peace and Joy came down on earth on Christmas day to make you happy and cheerful. May Christmas spread cheer in your lives!
Christmas is a necessity. There has to be at least one day of the year to remind us that we’re here for something else besides ourselves.
Don’t let the shadows of yesterday spoil the sunshine of tomorrow. Wish you a very happy merry Christmas.
If I could wish a wish for you, it would be for peace and happiness not only now, but for the whole year through!
When we were children we were grateful to those who filled our stockings at Christmas time. Why are we not grateful to God for filling our stockings with legs?
A silent night, a star above, a blessed gift of hope and love. A blessed Christmas to you!
No matter how much falls on us, we keep plowing ahead. That’s the only way to keep the roads clear.
One of the most glorious messes in the world is the mess created in the living room on Christmas day. Don’t clean it up too quickly.
Christmas is doing a little something extra for someone. Wish you a very happy christmas from my heart!
I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.
Merry Christmas To all of the wonderful people here with me on facebook. May you have the best christmas ever. My christmas just  wouldn’t be the same without you!
As we celebrate birth of divine baby born of a virgin, the servant and king, Jesus Christ, may your heart find peace of Heaven.
With all Good Wishes for Christmas and the New Year.
“Wishing You the Best of What This Christmas Can Bring You, Have A Joyous, Peaceful & Love-Filled Christmas!”  “Can I have your Picture, So Santa Claus knows, Exactly what to give me, Happy Christmas.”
Unless we make Christmas an occasion to share our blessings, all the snow in Alaska won’t make it WHITE.
May this Christmas be so special that you never ever feel lonely again and be surrounded by loved ones!
Santa: My wife died yesterday..Im trying to cry but tears are not coming, what to do? Banta: Imagine she is Back… Foot foot kar roya bechara.
Believe in the magic of christmas….
I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.
This is the message of Christmas: We are never alone!!!
wishes you a happy time on Christmas. Merry Christmas!
My Christmas wish not only for me and my family, but for all of you as well: peace of mind, health of body, strength of spirit.
Christmas is not about giving and receiving gifts. Its about the birth of Baby Jesus in the manger! Jesus is the reason for the season!
To my Friends and Family, Near and Far: I love you all and hope you have a very Merry Christmas..
Christmas is love in action. Every time we love, every time we give, it’s Christmas.
Christmas is the gentlest, loveliest festival of the revolving year – and yet, for all that, when it speaks, its voice has strong authority.
One of the most glorious messes in the world is the mess created in the living room on christmas day. don’t clean it up too quickly..
Christmas does not come from the pockets, it comes from the heart. It’s not about gifts, rather family and friends. MERRY CHRISTMAS
May the joy and peace of Christmas be with you all through the Year. Wishing you a season of blessings from heaven above. Merry Christmas
When you have Christmas in your heart it doesn’t matter what’s under the tree.
Santa won’t be coming this year…… He died laughing when you said you’d been a good girl.
Please Santa, I’ve been good all year .. most of the time .. sometimes .. Ok, Don’t worry I’ll buy my own Christmas presents.
From Home to home, and heart to heart, from one place to another. The warmth and joy of Christmas, brings us closer to each other.
Can I have your picture, So Santa Claus knows exactly what to give me on this CHRISTMAS.
To my friends and family, near and far, I love you all and hope you have a Merry Christmas..
Dear Santa, I didn’t want to make it too hard for you this year, So the only thing on my wish list is 1 year paid leave from work with bonus.
Santa is always jolly, he knows where the naughty girls live.
Wish you happy holidays season with unforgetable Christmas and New Year.
Christmas is the season when you buy this year’s gifts with next year’s money.
Selfishness makes Christmas a burden, love makes it a delight.
“SANTA” rearranged is “SATAN”…I’m on to you fat man.
Christmas carols tend to make me a little homicidal, especially in November..
I am dreaming of a “White Christmas” Too bad it doesn’t snow here..
Merry Christmas! From my wall to yours..
It’s Christmas and 2011 is coming closer to an end! what’s the funniest thing you remember me doing this year?? Comment below.
The best gifts in life will never be found under a Christmas tree! Those gifts are friends, family, kids and the one you love!!
Dear Santa, I didn’t want to make it too hard for you this year, so, the only thing on my list this year is 1 year paid leave from work. with bonus
As Christmas began in the heart of God Let us complete that love by extending our hearts to others.
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to everyone. Keep the Christ in Christmas, and share the love, peace and forgiveness
A boy writes to Santa asking for a brother and receives a reply back from Santa send me your mother
Dear Santa, Please send your credit card numbers. it’s only fair since you’re getting the credit for the gifts, that you should start paying for them also..
I know it’s only September but there are less than 100 shopping days left til Christmas..
I have just been kidnapped by a fat dude in a red suit, shoved in a bag and taken to the north pole and wrapped up. Who put me on their Christmas list?
May the miracle of Christmas fill your heart with warmth and love. Christmas is the time of giving and sharing. It is the time of loving and forgiving.
X means wrong… X means unknown…  so why would you eX Christ out of His own birthday?
May the New Year find your home filled with joy, your heart filled with love, and your life filled with laughter.
ha ha ha Christmas is coming and there’s nothing you can do about it..
To all of my family and the friends I have made, Those who left for awhile and those who have stayed, Merry Christmas with hugs and kisses..
The real magic of Christmas is how quickly money vanishes from my wallet.
well, that’s Christmas over for another year..
All I want for Christmas, cannot be found at a store.
We all have our own call of duty. Mine is to serve Christ.
Hope you know how much it means to wish the best for you, because you’re always thought about with love the whole year through. Warmest wishes on Christmas Day!
What I don’t like about office Christmas parties is looking for a job the next day.
Anyone who believes that men are the equal of women has never seen a man trying to wrap a Christmas present.
Santa Claus has the right idea. Visit people once a year.
Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful.
I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.
Christmas is not as much about opening our presents as opening our hearts.
The best Christmas of all is the presence of a happy family all wrapped up with one another.
Wishing all my family and friends a happy and healthy Christmas and New Year. Be safe and Don’t Drink and Drive.
To my friends and family, near and far, I love you all and hope you have a very Merry Christmas..
Each one of you are precious to me! I am so blessed to have you in my life and I love each one of you! Wishing you a beautiful Christmas & a Happy New Year!
Christmas, shouldnt be about gifts, it should be about love, forgiveness, kindness, compassion, to give and be someones angel when they need it the most.
May the New Year find your home filled with joy, your heart filled with love, and your life filled with laughter.
Christmas is not about giving and receiving gifts. Its about the birth of Baby Jesus in the manger! Jesus is the reason for the season!
It’s not the presents that make Christmas so special, it’s the presence of those you love, whether they are with you in person, or spirit.
So I was asleep right, when some big random guy in a red suit came and put me in a Big random bag .. OK, so who wanted me for Christmas??
when it comes to Christmas, Cher Lloyd and me have a lot in common: we’re both bloody rubbish at wrapping.
Has just been kidnapped by a fat man in a red suit and put in a bag, ALRIGHT! FESS UP! Who put me on there Christmas list?
