Relax we’re all crazy it’s not a competition!!
My most heavily used kitchen appliance is a fire extinguisher.
Oh I’m just so crazy about you.
Special thanks to the penguins, couldn’t have done it without you.
My friend said I was delusional. I nearly fell off my unicorn.
If you think I’m crazy, raise your hand…
I don’t have a bucket list but my fucket list is a mile long…
You people are crazy! I know…I can recognize my kind.
My father always told me, ‘Find a job you love and you’ll never work a day in your life.
Sorry I got mad and said a bunch of things I meant but shouldn’t have said out loud.
My teacher wear sun glasses when she teachs me bcoz I am a bright student :D
If I randomly burst out in laughter, it’s usually ’cause I just told myself a joke I’d never heard before.
You know you are crazy when the voices in your head start sending you text messages.
Girls use Photoshop to look beautiful.. Boys use Photoshop to show their creativity.
Someone once told me that if you hold a shell to your ear you can hear the ocean. If you hold a peanut shell to your ear, can you hear the circus ?
The biggest coward is a man who awakens a woman’s love with no intention of loving her.
I want to be in your arms, where you hold me tight and never let me go.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing the things people say you can’t ;)
Best line said by a guy to a Girl: The day i will go on knees for another girl … is the day i will tie a shoe lace for our daughter.. :-)
I just don’t understand how God would let us meet, if there is no way for us to be together.
If someone offers you an amazing opportunity and you’re not sure you can do it, say yes. then learn how to do it later…
Boyfriend message to his Girfriend: Baby Sorry too Disturb you. can you send Me your Photo? It’s Urgent Serious matter “we r playing cardS & I have Lost my Queen” !!!!
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.
Beauty is not a competition all women want is to be the best version of themselves…
Cannot trust anyone these days, fake is becoming the new trend…
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them!!
Silence is the most powerful scream..
A crush a day keeps love away.!!
I don’t give up on people easily. But when I do, I don’t even care to see if they are breathing anymore..!!
I speak my mind. I never mind what I speak.
Just because I like your Facebook status does not mean I want to sleep, date, or hangout with you…
If Harry Potter is so magical then why can’t he fix his eye sight?
Press “like” if you are crazy.
Be thankful for all you have, because you never know what will happen next.
You are free to be whatever you want. Don’t waste that chance!
A dog will love you more then your wife… Don’t believe me? Lock both in the trunk of your car for an hour then see which one will be happy to see you.
Do You Want To Go Out With Me? (A) Yes (B) A (C) B
May this Christmas be so special that you never ever feel lonely again and be surrounded by loved ones!
Chemistry is great, but eventually your relationship moves out of the laboratory.
Genius means little more than the faculty of perceiving in an unhabitual way.
Best RElationship advice: Make sure youre the crazy One..
i don’t necessarily call it “crazy” i call it happiness with benefits”
Relax we’re all crazy it’s not a competition!!
I’m Mad at my self, not you, I’m mad for always being nice, I’m mad for apologizing for the things I don’t do, I’m mad for getting attached, I’m mad for thinking about you,  But most of all I’m mad for…  Not hating you, when I should..
I wish you told me from the start that you were gonna break my heart!!
People may think i’m crazy But really i’m just bored..
I love this crazy tragic sometimes almost magic awful beautiful life!!
Blanket on – Too Hot Blanket off- Too cold one leg out perfect until the demon from paranornal Activity grabs it and drags you through the hall.
Before youassume try this crazy method called asking
I’m crazy and i don’t pretend to be anything else.’
Live in such a way that if someone spoke badly of you no- one would believe it.
If you have crazy friends, you have everything!!
Relax We’re all crazy it’s not a competition!!
a, b, c, d, e, f, g, Gummy Bears Are Chasing ME. ONE IS Red, ONE IS Blue, ONE IS Peeing on MY Shoe. Now I’m Running For My Life Cause The Red One Has A knife!!!
What is love? In math: equation; in history: a war; in chemistry:a reaction; in art: a heart; in me: You
Pringles: The only chip company that doesn’t sell air.
I hate when ex’s say… “I am here if you need me.” like….? where were you? when we were together & I needed you?
Love never dies…only the lover changes. :P
Babies are so lucky. They can sleep all day still everyone loves them.
A girl jogging in the park helps atleast 5 boys to be fit and in shape.
If Your age was to be determined by the 2 last digits of your phone number, how old wil you be?
Why do I fall in love with people who are all ready taken or have feelings for someone else?
How come wrong numbers are never busy?
When I am home alone, every noise I hear is a serial killer.
Being in a relationship is a full-time job; don’t apply if you’re not ready to commit.
Shhhhhhhh everyone around me is in a relationship and I am just here with my laptop & this page.
You want to come into my life, the door is open. You want to leave my life, the door is open. Just one request; don’t stand in front of the door, you are blocking traffic :)
I wish my bank account refilled as fast as my laundry basket.
A lot of men & women would rather stay single b’coz they are tired of giving their everything and ending up with nothing.
Arrange marriage these days is the agreement between two broken hearts.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary? :)
That awkward moment when you are watching a movie with your dad and a love scene comes on.
Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?
Freedom of speech is lost when you get into a relationship and she is beautiful.
I hate how chocolates immediately melt on my fingers.  I mean, am i that hot?
Just finished deleting some friends on Facebook, if you can read this then you got lucky.
Do you ever look at your friends and think “why the hell aren’t we comedians?”
When a bird hits your window have you ever wondered if God is playing angry birds with you?
I don’t care if you think I’m crazy. Life is too short to be normal.
The best feeling in the world is when someone you hate tells a joke and nobody laughs :)
You don’t have to be crazy to hang out with me. I’ll train you. Make your appointment today.
Your lips look so lonely. Would they like to meet mine?
People say nothing’s impossible, but I do nothing everyday.
I know I’m crazy. Don’t ruin my moment.
Boys think of girls just ike books; if the cover doesn’t catch their eye, they won’t bother to read what’s inside.
I’m shy at first, but once I’m comfortable with you get ready for some crazy shit.
When I see you, I miss your smile. When I see your smile, I miss your hug. When you hug me, I want your kiss …… Oh I’m just so crazy about you.
People never remember the million times you help them, only the one time you don’t.
My phone is like my lover. Its the last thing I see at night, and the first thing I wake up to every morning.
If there’s one thing I hate the most, its seeing bad things happen to good people.
Sometimes I wonder how many miles I have scrolled my mouse wheel.
I have a problem. My proble is love and ……… My solution is you.
Every boy wants a good girl to be bad just for him and every girl wants a bad boy to be good just for her. Crazy World
When I joke they take it seriously. When I am serious they take it as a joke.
We all have that one person we hate but constantly look at their facebook profile.
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent.
The awkward moment when you enter class late and everyone stares at you.
That awkward moment when you wait for a text but you realize you are the one that didn’t reply.
Relationships would be easier if people came with a CLEAR HISTORY button.
We are all in the same game, just different levels. Dealing with the same hell, just different devils.
Never argue with a fool. People might not know the difference.
If I drink alcohol, I am an alcoholic. But if I drink fanta than . . . . . . I am fantastic!
I’m batter than you Ex and better then your NEXT!
I wish I could record my dreams and watch them later.
If Harry Potter is so magical then why can’t he fix his eye sight?
People who wait 4 hours to reply to a text with “lol” should be shooted :)
If you want to read about love and marriage, you have to buy two separate books.
I am 99.9% sure he doesnt like me. But its the 00.1% that keeps me going.
At least I can still smoke in my car.
I don’t go looking for trouble. Trouble usually finds me.
I smile and act like nothing is wrong, its called putting shit aside and being strong.
If you were to die tomorrow would you be happy with today?
Don’t you sometimes just wish something would happen? Good or Bad; just for the sake of something happening.
Do not keep all your work for tomorrow, always remember you can also do it the day after tomorrow.. Be lazy, Think crazy
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.
My back is not a voicemail, say it to my face.
Excuse me, do you mind if I stare at you for a minute? I want to remember your face for my dreams.
Don’t think too much, you’ll create a problem that wasn’t even there in the first place.
Why does it always rain the hardest on those who deserve the sun?
The two most common elements in the world are hydrogen and stupidity.
If you were a tear in my eyes, I would not cry for the fear of losing you.
All men are born free and equal. If they go and get married, that’s their own fault.
Every woman should have four pets in her life. A mink in her closet, a jaguar in her garage, a tiger in her bed, and a jackass who pays for everything.
Girl, you better have a license, cuz you are driving me crazy!
Being single doesn’t mean you don’t know anything about love, it just means you know enough to wait for it.
Seeing a spider is nothing. It becomes a problem when it disappears.
If you stop telling lies about me, I’ll stop telling the truth about you.
Its crazy how much you let someone hurt you without realizing it.
When I get a text from you, I immediately stop whatever I’m doing to read it.
Accept the craziness. Life will be a bore without it.
A wise man once said, You can’t be old & wise, if you were never young & crazy.
Being someones FIRST may be great but being LAST is perfect…
People change, things change, time changes, priorities change, but expectations always remain the same..
My head is telling my heart “I told you so!”.
Some people should try thinking, it’s not illegal yet
I’m not crazy, I’m just special.
I was talking to myself last night and we both agreed that you’re crazy..
Hee Hee Hee Hee Hee, you can’t stop me! I broke my off switch..
Am i the only one who gets this random urge to help old ladies half way across the street and leave them there?
Aging is inevitable, Maturing is optional.
i haven’t lost my brain it just couldn’t handle my ideas so it left
I’ve been thinking. I know, it scares me too..
When you see my head tilt to the side and I start to stare into space. I would run. The voices inside my head just gave me a brilliant idea. Be very afraid!
I don’t talk to myself, i talk to the little voices in my head that tell me to do evil cruel things to people and that’s the reason why i smile all the time..
Does anyone else get scared when a text reads “Can I ask you a question?”
You people are crazy! I know…I can recognize my kind.
If a thoughtless thought is thought, would a thought thoughtlessly think of thoughtless thoughts whenever thinking thoughts are thoughtless? What a thought, eh?
I know that you know that I know what you know and you know what they know so I know what you know they know, you know?
Wonders if its bad when I’m talking to myself and I’m not even listening…
It doesn’t matter what people say about you. It matters what you’re going to do to them after they say it!
The stuff you heard about me is a lie, I’m way worse…
Money is made of paper, paper is made of wood, and wood is made from trees. Therefore, money does grow on trees.
OH MY GOD, The rain’s wet..
You must be a certified helmet wearing window licker to ride the sunshine bus..
They don’t know that we know they know we know.
Press “like” if you are crazy.
Being stupid is its own reward.
The strawberry shampoo doesn’t taste as good as it smells.
I say no to drugs, but they don’t listen.
I cannot tell you how grateful I am, I am filled with humidity.
Don’t call me crazy. I much prefer the term “mentally hilarious”.
