People are like music some say the truth and rest,just noise.
She is the kind of girl who is always smiling and loves to laugh.
I Said My Beats For You!
Not always ‘Available’ Try your Luck…
I love my Life because it’s you.
I always read my girlfriend’s horoscope to see what kind of day I’m going to have.
Thanks for being in my life
Milk chocolate and dark chocolate is the difference between happy and sad.
Each moment of a happy lover’s hour is worth an age of dull and common life”There is no feeling more comforting and consoling than knowing you are right next to the one you love
I’m a nobody. Nobody’s perfect. So I guess that makes me perfect.
I hate to choose sides, but if forced, I’ll aggressively side with the person paying my bar tab.
Happy Mothers day to all mums! Thank you to all who’ve gone before us & shown the way!
Picking your nose doesn’t make you a bad person. But what you do with the booger will define you.
Sometimes, during the movie previews, I’ll turn to the stranger sitting next to me and whisper, “We should really go see that together.”
Heart, hides what we can’t say But eyes, say what we try to hide.
I really think my life would be a lot better if my fitness app would just lower its standards
Sometimes it looks like I’m flashing gang signs, but really I’m just trying to get Scotch tape off my hand.
You know when you plan an outfit in your head all week then you try it on and you look like a mole rat.
This bright new year is given me To live each day with zest,,, To daily grow and try to be My highest and my best!
New year begins, let us pray, That it will be a year with new peace, New happiness, and abundance of new friends, God bless you through out the new year.
Do not be happy. I’m telling you this because I really do not forgive people, sometimes I pretend that all is well, but in my mind there is a plan for their complete destruction.
i am so sorry for those people that they think they know everything.. and question me about what i know about God and react what i eat… task task… hope God will forgive you.
What we say about others is, a perfect description of ourselves.
If You Add Me And i Decline You, Pleαse Dont Add Me Agαin .. Becαuse i Will Decline You Agαin … And Agαin And Agαin And Agαin..  Untiil iT Comes To The Stαge Where ii Hαve To Block You, Dont Beg A Friiend ! Got Thαt ?? 😀 :)
Raise your words not your voice. It is rain that grows flowers not thunder.
It’s fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
Sometimes the best way to stay close to someone you love is by being just a friend.
If you want something you’ve never had, you have to do something you’ve never done.
Everybody is so happy….I hate that.
I think it’s cute when boys texts you after hanging out just to say they had fun with you, idk little things like that are sweet to me
Leave room for your future to be different from your past.
If happiness always depended on what we had, then the richest would always be Glad, not Sad.
Memories are the most beautiful pictures our minds can paint.. and nothing can ever erase them.
Stop worrying about people that aren’t worried about you.
Having a Boyfriend or Girlfriend is not love. But having someone in your life on whom you have blind Faith that even If you hurt them to extreme, They will hold your hand and say, “I was, I am, I will always be yours.
Don’t do somethng permanetly stupid just because you are temporarily upset…
Never underestimate the power of prayer, positive energy and love.
Sometimes when things are falling apart, they may actually be falling into place.
When you try to control everything, you enjoy nothing. Relax, breathe, let go, and just live…
My life my choices, my mistakes my lessons not your business..
I never thought love was worth fighting for but then I look into your eyes I’m ready for war…
The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life.
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them.
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst.
Some people are like Glass . Once they broke they are broken forever.
If you didn’t see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears, don’t invent it with your small mind & share it with your big mouth.
No matter wat people will always judge you … bcoz they need one reason to spread bad rumours about your life.
Stay loyal to yourself, nobody else will.
I want to take cute photos with you!!!
Life always offers you a second chance. it’s called tomorrow.
Success is not final failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts!!
Happy Mother’s Day!! Wishing you time just to dream, just to relax, just to enjoyy!!
One place where you can pretend to have a lot of friends  “..… FACEBOOK …..”
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear & the blind can see.
I wish i had a really cool quote on here like the ones you post several times a day on facebook…. actually, i don’t wish that…
Sometimes the strongest among us are th ones who smile through silent pain, cry behind closed doors, and fight battles nobody knows about…
Tears are how our heart speaks when our lips cannot describe how much we’ve been hurt.
When a person laughs too much, even on stupid things, that person is sad deep inside.
You never know how strong you are… until being strong is the only choice you have.
Love is not about finding the right person, but creating a right relationship. It’s not about how much love you have in the beginning but how much love you build till the end.
Ohh  Allah you protect my husband for you alone know how nuch i love him!!!
It’s time to break out of your shell and show the world who you really are and what you’re really made of!! Live your dreams!!
The difference between  school and life;   In school, you’re taught a lesson then given a test. In life, you’re  given a test that teaches you a lesson.
Sometimes you have to give up on people. not because you don’t care, but because they don’t.
Never make permanent decisions on temporary feelings.
Exit facebook, close laptop, get in to bed, ublock phone, check facebook. True Story..
Dont Burn Your Opportunities For A Temporary Comfort..
God gives us people to love and things to use, not things to love and people to use…
The wrong people give us so many things to learn, while the right ones give us so many things to remember!!!
Everything happens for a reason. That reason causes change. Sometimes the change hurts. Sometimes the change is hard. But in the end its all for the best.
Friendship IS So Weird… YOU Just pick a Human You’ve Met And You’re Like “yup I Like This One” and you Just Do Stuff With Them.
We’re all Confused, Samantha. We all Need More Time To Think. That’s Life. Get Over It.
I smile To Make People Happy, But In My Head IT’s Just To Hide The Pain SO That People Don’t Ask Me what’s Wrong.
You have a problem with me. I’m pretty sure a status on Facebook won’t fix it….
Some people are single because they can’t find anyone. Some of us just hate wasting our time with temporary people.
Live your life in such a way so that it may become an inspiration for others to do the same.
Sunglasses – Allowing you to stare at people without getting caught. It’s like Facebook in real life.
Nothing last forever. Appreciate your loved ones before they leave.
Don’t push someone away and expect them to still be there when you are ready.
WhatsApp not responding and suddenly you see everyone on Facebook.. That’s called business.. Well played Mr. Mark.
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.
The awkward moment when you’re talking & you realize no one cares about what you are saying.
It’s a Facebook status not a diary. Learn the difference.
No matter what you look like, I think the key is to be happy with yourself.
Sometimes you just gotta let shit go and say to hell with it and move on.
The biggest risk is not taking any risk… In a world that is changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks.
Trust takes years to build, seconds to break and forever to repair.
Remember to move forward & stop looking back otherwise the good things will pass you by.
The smallest act of sympathy is value more than the grandest intention. Thanks for helping me always my dear Boss.
A relationship is like standing on wet cement. The longer you stand, the more difficult is to leave.
Dear Lord, Please grant me the ability to punch people in the face over the internet.
Awkward moment when someone who is your FB friend changes both their username and picture and you have no idea who they are anymore.
Never expect things to happen. It’s better to feel surprised than to feel disappointed.
Sometimes some moments arrive in life: You go forward and you lose; you go backwards and you win.
Girl: Why are you following me? Boy: I was told to follow my dreams. You are my dream girl.
Don’t sleep next to anything that you wouldn’t want to wake up next to. Raise your standards ladies.
Facebook needs to make ‘Tired of trying’ a relationship status.
You can never win an argument with a negative person. They only hear what suits them and listen only to respond.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Real friends treat you like family.
Being single is not a big deal because sooner or later you will find your true love.
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
A good plan for today is better than a great plan for tomorrow. Look backward with satisfaction and look forward with confidence.
Hurting back the people who hurt you, makes you become just like them.
Facebook is asking, ‘What’s on your mind?’ but I think ‘Who’s on your mind?’ is a better question.
Being good is also a mistake now a days people think you are FAKE.
Never do something permanently stupid just b’coz you are temporarily upset.
You feel lonely not when no one cares about you, but when someone you expect to care doesn’t care about you at all.
I don’t need Google. My wife knows everything.
Today’s Relationships: You can touch each other but not each others phones.
We spend too much time looking for the perfect person to love instead of perfecting the love we give.
Don’t be afraid to start over. It’s  new chance to rebuild what you want.
No matter what you do on the computer, you always end up on facebook or watching a video on you tube.
The greatest thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and differences and still finds you absolutely amazing.
It’s sad how quickly people can forget about you, until they want something from you.
Everything is going to be alright, maybe not today, but eventually.
Everyone has secrets. Everyone has wounds, some deeper than others. But not everyone has someone to heal them.
No matter how smart you are, the matters of the heart will always make you dumb.
My name must taste good, it’s always in someone’s mouth. Keep talking you are making me famous.
Happiness comes when we stop complaining about the troubles we have and say thanks for the troubles we don’t have.
GOD is the best listener, you don’t have to shout nor cry out loud b’coz he hears even the silent heart.
If your relationship has enough trust, honesty and understanding it should never require promises, terms and conditions.
Strong person is not the one who does not cry. A strong person is the one who cries & shed tears for a moment, then gets up and fights again.
That moment when your parents walk into your room and you open up a new tab at the speed of light.
If school is not the place to sleep then home is not the place to study.
Healing doesn’t mean the damage never existed… It means that the damage no longer control our lives.
Don’t let yourself be controlled by these three things. Your Past, People and Money.
I’m afraid people can see me through my web cam even though its off.
I am ready to take our relationship to the level of appearing together in a Facebook profile picture.
This is my facebook. I post what I want. Don’t like it? Unfriend me.
True love cannot be found where it does not exist … Nor can it be hidden where it does.
True love can’t be find where it don’t exist. Nor can it be hidden where it does.
Be proud of who you are and how you look because he will love you no matter what.
Sometimes, when one person is missing the whole world seems depopulated.
Sometimes you have to shut up and accept that you are wrong. It’s not giving up, it’s growing up.
When people starts talking against you…. Means you are growing.
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased. It can only be accepted.
Happiness comes when we stop complaining about the troubles we have, and say thanks to GOD for the troubles we don’t have.
The hardest choice in life is usually between what you want, and what you deserve.
Just wanna wish everyone family & friends, a good day ahead. Spread the good feelings & keep on smiling.
The awkward moment when someone sits next to you while you’re using the Facebook.
It’s amazing how someone breaks you heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces.
I think that the only reason people hold onto memories so tight is because memories are the only things that don’t change; when everybody else does.
Expecting is my favorite crime & disappointment is always my punishment.
This is my facebook wall. If you don’t like what I post. Unfriend me.
The beautiful thing about learning is that noboday can take it away from you.
Give thanks for what you are now and keep fighting for what you want to be tomorrow.
You know your childhood is over when you fall asleep on the couch and wake up on the couch.
Perfect relationships are not found they are created, so start making progress to creating yours.
Annoying moment when two people start a conversation on your facebook status.
Success is not a matter of being the best and winning the race. Success is a matter of handling the worst & still finishing the race.
The key to successful relationships is not to start any. ;
You know what’s the one thing we all do when we fall in love? We expect and it just ruins everything.
Delete from Facebook: Done ✔ …. Delete from Msn: Done ✔ …. Delete from cell phone: Done ✔ …. Delete from the Heart: Error
Believe it or not, everybody has their problems, some of us just prefer not to discuss them on facebook.
Every time I thought I was being rejected from something good, I was actually being re-directed to something better.
Life is so ironic. It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noice to appreciate silence & absence to value presence.
Throughout life: I have loved, I’ve lied, I’ve hurt, I’ve lost, I’ve missed, I’ve trusted, I’ve made mistakes but most of all I have learned.
If there are no ups and downs in your life, it means you are dead.
Don’t be afraid to show your feelings to the one that you like so much, express your feelings and maybe they will like you back.
Smile and let everyone know that today you are lot stronger than you were yesterday.
The more you try to control something, the more it controls you. Free yourself, and let things take their own natural course.
Sometimes the people who have the most smiles are also the people who shed the most tears and hide the most pains.
Be thankful you’re still breathing, b’coz someone out there just took their last breath.
Sometimes you keep someone who hurts you, just b’coz the happiness they bring is more than the pain they cause.
Don’t chase people; be you, do your own thing and work hard. The right people who belong in your life will come to you and stay.
Sometimes we need to forget some people from our past because of one simple reason: They just don’t belong to our future.
You will meet 2 kinds of people in life. One who build you up and ones who tear you down. But in the end, you will thank them both.
Spending today complaining about yesterday won’t make tomorrow any better.
It’s not what I feel for you. It’s what I don’t feel for anyone but you.
The company of good and true people is like entering a perfume shop. Whether you buy anything or not, you are bound to receive the fragrance.
Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country.
The great thing about a rumour is … you get to learn so much more about yourself you didn’t know.
Onions think that they are ugly because you cry after you get them naked.
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
If you don’t fight for what you want, don’t cry for what you lost.
Worry can’t change anything, except one thing. It changes your life to be more complicated.
Sometimes, all a girl wants is for you to fight for her. Make her believe that you may want this relationship more than she does.
Difficult doesn’t mean impossible. It simply means that you have to work harder.
Everything in life is temporary. So if things are going good enjoy it, bcoz it won’t last forever. And if things are going bad, don’t worry. It can’t last forever either.
Life brings tears, smiles and memories. The tears dry, the smiles fade but the memories last forever.
It doesn’t matter who hurt you or broke you down, what matters is who made you smile again.
Perfect people are not real. Real people are not perfect. So you can either love people for their flaws or hate then because they are real.
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and focus on what could go right.
You have to go through the worst to get the best.
Treat people the way you want to be treated. Talk to people the way you want to be talked to. Respect is earned not given.
If you want to go fast, go alone! If you want to go far, go together.
You can’t spend such a beautiful day behind Facebook walls. Go out, have fun, enjoy life and be happy.
Sometimes strongest people in the morning are the people who cried all night.
If you give up, it’s over. But if you don’t, the day will come when you’ll be glad you did not give up.
We spend too much time over-analyzing, over-thinking and over-reacting.
Every sunset is different, every second is new and all I want is to spend them with you.
You can erase someone from your mind. Getting them out of your heart is another story.
Getting a text from that special someone right when you’ve felt like they forgot about you.
Fight for the people and the things you love, no matter what task or risk you may face, it will be worth it.
Making bad decisions is a part of life. Blaming others for your bad decisions is immaturity.
I wonder if you think about me as much as I do about you.
God, if I can’t have what I want, let me want what I have.
Isn’t it funny how day by day nothing changes but when you look back everything is different.
Sometimes dreams are not ment to come true, they are ment to make you stronger.
Love is when you don’t know why you seem to be attracted to a person. Love has its reason and the reason is unknown.
Single and in a relationship are just titles. Your heart determines your true relationship status.
Relationships are not where you find happiness. Relationships are where you share happiness.
When people let you down that’s when you learn to stand up.
The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of valuing someone too much.
If someone wants you, nothing can keep him away. If he does not want you, nothing can make him stay.
Cannot trust anyone these days. Fake is becoming the new trend.
Don’t confuse your path with your destination. Just b’coz it’s stormy now doesn’t mean that you aren’t headed for sunshine.
Don’t feel bad if people remember you only when they need you. Feel privileged that you are like candle that comes to their mind when there is darkness.
Good relationships don’t just happen. They take time, patience, and two people who truly want to be together.
Memory is a way of holding onto the things you love, the things you never want to lose ever.
Every day is a new beginning. Take a deep breath and start again.
Amazing moment when you find the EXACT answers to your homework on Google :)
Single and in a relationship are just titles. Your heart determines your true relationship status.
Right is right, even if everyone is against it and wrong is wrong, even if everyone is for it.
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can’t help them, atleast don’t hurt them.
I need to be thankful for what I have rather than frustrated about what I don’t have.
Some people need to realize that Facebook is a social network, not their diary.
If you are Hotter than me, does that mean I am Cooler than you?
If you want to cry use a tissue, not your facebook status.
Obstacles can’t stop you, problems can’t stop you, most of all, other people can’t stop you. The only one who stops you is yourself.
It’s nice to be important BUT it’s more important to be nice.
If you leave someone for another person, don’t be surprised if that person leaves you for someone else.
You can’t have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time.
Never try to go back and repair the past which is impossible. But be prepared to construct the future which is possible.
Missing someone but trying to forget. It’s not easy.
Just because the relationship ended doesn’t mean the feelings did.
Being single is so much better than being cheating on, lied to, and disrespected.
Slow replies make me think you are talking to someone better than me.
I knew I was in Love when all those stupid love songs started making sense.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
What doesn’t kill us makes us stronger.
Every story has an end, but in life every ending is just a new beginning.
Relationships are much harder now b’coz conversations become texting, arguments become phone calls, and feelings become facebook statuses.
Some people are real, some people are good, some people are fake and some people are real good at being fake.
The best love is the one that makes you a better person. Without changing you into someone other than yourself.
I do when I want, what I want and where I want.
Money does not change people, it unmasks them.
Smile and let everyone know that today you are lot stronger than you were yesterday.
My eyes know that I’m not perfect match for her but my heart has on eyes, no ears, so it’s beating for her.
Love is when you tell after a fight that you dont want to talk & still you check your cell or facebook for a message.
Be careful with your words. Once they are said, they can be only forgiven, not forgotten.
A smile is an inexpensive way to change your looks.
The mind is like an umbrella. It only works when it is open.
It’s hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember.
Awesome feeling when someone is making an effort to make you smile.
Some people are like clouds. When they disappear, its a brighter day.
I hate when someone I am close with hides something from me.
Success seems to be connected with actions. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they don’t quit.
Enjoy life. It comes with expiry date.
Dont Cheat .. If you are not happy, Just Leave.
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you will land among the stars.
My shyness has ruined so many opportunities.
We are all in the same game but in different levels. Dealing with the same hell but different devils.
If you cant convince people, confuse them.
I wanna be his wifey for lifey.
If you fall in love, make sure there is somebody there to CATCH you.
Its hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember.
I dont understand why guys think its okay for them to do things but when girls do it they freak out.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
If we really love ourselves, everything in our life works.
Nothing is so embarrassing as watching someone do something that you said could never be done.
Sleep is for the people who dont know about facebook.
All the things I really like to do are either immoral, illegal, or fatting.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Past can’t hurt you unless you let it.
I am not what I should be, I am not what I could be. I am not who I want to be but I am sure not who I USED TO BE.
Love is the whole history of a woman’s life but an episode in a man’s.
Awkward moment when everybody knows that you copy paste your facebook status from other website.
Old age is when you know all the answers but no one asks you the questions.
How can you expect somebody to keep a secret if you cant keep it yourself?
Its always the people that know you the least, that judge you the most.
Fall in love with someone who deserves your heart. Not someone who plays with it.
whats the point of forgiving someone when you know they gonna make the same mistake again?
Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because that’s all we will ever be.
Everybody loves someone. Everybody hurts sometimes. Everybody says they’ll never fall again, but everybody does.
I believe that my friend and I can do anything or nothing and still have the best time.
The heart is the only broken instrument that works.
When you try to play the one who truly cares about you, youre actually playing yourself.
Love is like pizza …. when its good, its really good and when its bad, its still pretty good.
Its so easy to play with someone feelings, so easy to fool someone, so easy to make someone cry. But it’s so hard if you are the one who’s played with, fooled and the one who cried.
Sometimes it is better to be kind than to be right. We do not need an intelligent mind that speaks, but a patient heart that listens.
If you can actually count your money, then you’re not a rich man.
Those who mind don’t matter, and those who matter don’t mind.
If love is not a game, then why are there so many players?
Waste your money and you have only wasted money. Waste your time and you have lost part of your life.
Don’t wait. The time will never be just right.
When you succeed thank the person who taught you, when you fail, only blame yourself.
If you think you can do a thing, or think you can’t do a thing, you’re right.
I love your eyes, but I love mine more…because without them, I won’t see yours.
Love is like butter waiting to be spread.
There are things in life that you cant hold onto forever no matter HOW much you fight for it.
True love is when your heart and your minds are saying the same thing.
People`s words affect you only as much as you let them.
Success is not about what you have. It is about how you handle what you have.
Why dont you just look into my eyes carefully and see what I really feel.
The worst way to leave someone is without an explanation.
Easter can be just as much fun as an adult as it was as a child. Just paint and hide beer cans instead of eggs.
The worst moment is when someone tell you what’s wrong , and he is the reason for your problem.
I know I haven’t changed but I’m not the same.
When I see you smile and know that it is not for me, that is when I miss you the most
It is better to have it and not need it than to need it and not have it.
Remember: The one that gossips with you will also gossip about you!
The best feelings are those that have no words to describe them.
Some men say they love their women till the end of the world, I don’t. I want to love you beyond the end of the world.
From the worst moments you can learn the most.
Love makes the time pass. Time makes love pass.
Sometimes you gotta let time to be the answer.
I love making friends…. It’s people I can’t understand.
I regret leaving my phone on “silent” when I can’t find it.
Right now someone you haven’t met is out there wondering what would it be like to meet someone like you.
What we love to do we find time to do.
Relationship is like an onion which has many layers of TRUST and CARE. If you try to cut it, you will find nothing except tears in your eyes.
It takes half our life to find true friends & half of it keeping them.I am lucky to have spent less than half my life finding you & wish to spend the rest keeping you.
The reason why parents do not allow their son to play dolls because they want to teach them that girls aren’t toys to play with.
Dont be fooled by the smile on someones face, sometimes its there to hide, the pain and hardship they have faced.
Dont go away! Because you are my oxygen. I cant breathe without you.
Never use bad memories from your past to deal with someone in the present.
Experience is what you get, when you don’t get what you want
I want to REFRESH my mind DELETE all my problems UNDO all my mistakes  and SAVE the happy moments.
I don’t want to “fit in” I want to stand out. I want the world to know I was here. That I made a difference.
No matter how long we have traveled on the wrong road, we can always turn around.
Life is too short to stress yourself with people who don’t even deserve to be an issue in your life…
If you want something you’ve never had, then you have to do something you’ve never done.
Make your smaile change the world but dont let the world change your smile.
One of the joys in life is waking up each day with thoughts that somewhere, Someone cares enough to send a warm morning greeting! Good Morning
The most important thing in life is to stop saying “I wish” and start saying “I will”
A woman is like a tea bag. She only knows her strength when put in hot water.
6 keys to a Good relationship is friendship, freedom, honesty, trust, understanding, and communication.
When money talks, nobody notices what grammar it uses.
There are two theories to arguing with women. Neither one works.
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
I was just going to say something, but I forgot when I started looking at you.
I just started to finally remember to write 2011, and now I have to start writing 2012.
“Year 2036”  Son: “Dad, how did you meet mom?”  DAD: “My son… it all started with a friend request on Facebook.”
If at first you don’t succeed, you’ll get a lot of free advice from folks who didn’t succeed either.
To keep your marriage brimming,With love in the wedding cup,Whenever you’re wrong, admit it; Whenever you’re right, shut up.
Every man should marry. After all happiness is not the only thing in life.
My friend wants to know if you think I’m hot.
When love is ur greatest weakness, You will be the strongest person in the world.
Never give up in life because after a huge storm there comes the rainbow.
Dont let your ears WITNESS what your eyes didn’t see & don’t let your mouth speak what your heart doesn’t feel.
I removed L from LOVER…….& Now its all OVER !!
Sometimes all you need are open arms to hug & hold you, a shoulder to cry on and someone there to tell you its all gonna be alright.
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can’t live long enough to make them all yourself.
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs, and returns home to find it.
When your enemies are making mistakes, don’t interrupt them.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
One of the greatest mental freedoms is truly not caring what anyone else thinks of you.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Facebook land, where everyone thinks your status is about them.
A Relationship without Trust is like a phone with out service, All you can do is play game.
If my house is clean, it means that Facebook is broken..
Its not how well you can weather the storm, its how well you can dance in the rain.
Smile more than you cry, give more than you take & love more than you hate.
Work for a cause, not for applause. Live life to express, not to impress.
If you had to describe your mood today with a song, which one would it be?
FACEBOOK, The second most popular word that starts with “F” and ends with “K”.
I wish you could click “save as” on puppies.
When you can’t put your prayer into words, God hears your heart.
I hate it when facebooks always asking me what is on my mind, becoz its always you and i wont share you.
Why dont you go buy a diary Instead of posting your whole life story on Facebook?
Too young to know, not old enough to care.
Sometimes, we must be apart before we can see that we`re way much better together.
If you really want to know how my heart is feeling, look into my eyes ’cause they never lie..
I am wanted by many. I am looking at some. I am taken by none. But I am waiting for one.
I’m not addicted to facebook, facebook is addicted to me, Facebook needs me so i cannot leave it all alone.
Relationships do not need promises, terms, and conditions. It just needs two wonderful people..
There is nothing better than a home cooked meal made by the loving hands of a mother.
Life is like Facebook, you have friends but all they do is play games.
Two things are infinite, The universe & human stupidity, I’m not sure about the universe.
Facebook is boring when the person you want to be online is not..
You’re nothing short of my everything.
Easter is better than christmas. Santa only brings presents to good little boys and girls. The easter bunny doesn’t judge.
Remembering a man who died to remind us that goodness trumps evil and that forgiveness and mercy is more powerful than sin.
If you think getting up on Sunday morning is hard, try rising from the dead!
Happy easter everyone, May you all be safe and sound in the loving arms of family and friends!Enjoy..
May all of you share an easter that’s bright and sunny, too filled with love and happiness in every way for you.
Easter Sunday the day that Jesus rose from the dead, looked Satan in the eye’s and said, “Game over”
I’m a peep, no not a peep from Easter, so don’t eat me.
Easter can be just as much fun as an adult as it was as a child. Just paint and hide beer cans instead of eggs.
If I were an egg, I’d crack myself up.
Easter egg hiding tip, most kids aren’t allowed on the roof.
Easter equals three nails, two thieves, and one broken body thank you Jesus for your sacrifice.
Think YOU’RE stressed?? Think of what Jesus’ last day was like, Now your day doesn’t seem so bad, huh?
You walked up on Calvary for me. You didn’t answer for you were just. You died for me so that I would have everlasting life. Thank you for the Cross.
I’m going to change my Facebook name to NO ONE so whenever I like someone’s Status it will say “NO ONE LIKES YOUR STATUS”
I wake up and think dreams are real.  I sleep so I don’t have to feel.
You’ll just never know so many emotions I choose not to show.
Is Ur name lucky charms? Because u look magically delicious.
Smart boss + smart employee = profit Smart boss + dumb employee = production Dumb boss + smart employee = promotion Dumb boss + dumb employee = overtime
I am so lucky to have a mother like you. If you weren’t in my life there is no telling where I would be. I love you Mom!
Happy easter! Hope you have a good day
I do not care where we are. Its very perfect when I’m with you
i luv haters they r my motivators they will make me famouse so remember this i will not cry and run away i will stand up for myself rt in yo face
Just relax and accept the Exam Life would be boring without it
Everything happens for a reason and there are no mistakes in life.
You will never value the things you buy, as much as the things that can’t be bought.
Wants to remind you that even though you can not go back and make a brand new start, you can always start NOW and make a brand new ending..
Life is all about give and take, If you’re not willing to give, then don’t plan on taking..
Wishing you and those you love a very joyous celebration of renewed faith, hope and joy. Have a very blessed Easter.
If you see a rabbit laying little brown eggs, DONT EAT THEM, it’s NOT chocolate, Happy Easter every Bunny..
Kandy is wishing everyone an egg-stra special Easter weekend..
Jesus took my place on the cross to give me a place in heaven..
Remember everything always happens for a reason, & something better will come along might not be so soon but it will come in time just stay strong & get through..
The greatest thing about Facebook, is that you can quote something and totally make up the source.
I do my best proofreading right after I hit send.
3 things I want in a relationship – Eyes that wont cry; lips than wont lie; and love that wont die.
We are always getting ready to live but never living.
Every story has an end. But in life every ending is just a new beginning…
There are two sides of a story.
If you know his father and grandfather, don’t worry about his son.
If nothing is going well, call your grandmother.
A grandmother is a babysitter who watches the kids instead of the television.
Wishing each one of you a very happy and prosperous Onam. May this year brings you lots and lots of happiness in life and fulfill all your dreams.
May This ONAM Bring In U The Brightest And Choicest Happiness And Love You Have Ever Wished For!
May God bless you and fill your heart with joy & happiness. May the color and lights of Onam fill your home with happiness and joy. Have the most beautiful Onam.
May the spirit of Onam remains everywhere whatever you do, whatever you think whatever you hope in your life.
Hereby wishing you, a Very happy Onam! Have a nice feast!
May this ONAM bring in u the brightest and choicest happiness and love you have ever wished for! Happy Onam!
God understands our prayers even when we can’t find the words to say them.
The hero dead cannot expire, The dead still play their part.
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
Faith is the bird that sings when the dawn is still dark.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
God gave burdens, also shoulders.
With the tears a Land hath shed. Their graves should ever be green.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
The greatest thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and differences and still finds you absolutely amazing.
You’re someone’s reason to smile..
May this festival showers you with Love, Peace, Goodness Warmth and Blessings of God..
Attitude and personality are two different things… My personality stays within me wherever I am. My attitude depends on the people in front of me.
If I can choose my brother in next life, it’ll be you (if u gift me a Mercedes Benz tomorrow)
Sisters share the scent and smells, the feel of a common childhood.
Experience is how life catches up with us and teaches us to love and forgive each other.
You know you are insane if you are watching Rakhi Ka Insaaf on You Tube..
Everyone has two sides, good and evil. How you treat me will determine which side you see..
Get off Facebook while in church.
With me or miles a part, you are always be close to my heart.
What’s the good of news if you haven’t a sister to share it..
Chance made us sisters, hearts made us friends..
If I could pick the best brother, I would pick you..
It was nice growing up with someone like you, someone to lean on, someone to count on.
Sisters are for sharing laughter and wiping tears.
Sisterhood is powerful.
How do people make it through life without a sister?
Sometimes being a brother is even better than being a superhero.
My sisters have taught me how to live.
Sisters share the scent and smells, the feel of a common childhood.
Every memory is precious. Whether it is a bad one or a good one, they overall shape us for who we are today. So don’t let any of them go.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Everything happens for a reason, live it, love it, learn from it! Make your  smile change the world, but don’t let the world change your smile..
Don’t be pushed by your problems, be led by your dreams.
Judging a person does not define who they are. It defines who you are.
When I sit down on a field, I automatically start to pull grass out of the ground..
Someday someone is going to walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.
You will never stop learning new things, no matter how old you are.
The biggest problem in life isn`t the problem itself, but how people act upon it.
I saw a six-foot bunny at the mall yesterday. Either it’s almost Easter, or my doc screwed up my meds again.
Easter! what a Gift what a blessing, what a Miracle..
Easter says you can put truth in a grave, but it won’t stay there.
The spirit of easter is all about Hope, Love and Joyfull living. Happy Easter!
Silly rabbit…Easter is for Jesus.
As we begin our Easter fun, remember JESUS is the Reason for this season as well..
Jesus took my place on the cross to give me a place in heaven…
Dear Easter Bunny, this year instead of eggs filled with candy, can you please fill them will gas cards…cause Candy won’t get me to and from work..
Listen to your heartbeat, Listen for the knock of Jesus upon the door of your heart.
Be yourself cause there is only one version of you in this world.
TEAM = (T)ogether (E)veryone (A)chieves (M)ore.
Destiny is for losers. It`s just a stupid excuse to wait for things to happen instead of making them happen.
True friend is someone who gives you hope when you ran out of it.
Oh I`m sorry, I thought you meant what you promised. Silly me.
Love the person who deserves it, not the one who requires it.
A relationship is like a job. You have to work hard to get in it, and you have to work even harder to stay in it…
Sometimes the heart can`t afford to be “just friends.”
One smile can’t change the world, but your smile changes mine.
A person who irritates you is always the one who loves you very much but fails to express it.
There`s always something in the past that makes you who you are today. Sometimes it just changes you without letting you know.
