Jinke BoyFriend/GirlFriend Nahi Hote Unke Best Friends Hi Unke "Janu" Hote Hain.
Sometimes your best friend understands you better than you understand yourself....
Pro tip : Never introduced your intelligent friends with your parents , I repeat NEVER 
Looking at your bestfriend and saying, "I'll do it if you do it..."
Sometimes, Friends are the best reason why people enjoy being single.
A beautiful friendship can change people. Some are nutty, some are soaked in alcohol, some firm, some sweet, but altogether,they are great to have in your life.
They are not your friends until they have defended you in your absence.
Our body is very wisely designed. We can neither 'pat' our own 'back' nor 'kick' our own 'ass' - for it, friends are needed!
Friends are fruitcake of our lives.
College canteens are the witness of world's best friendships ever :)
We all have a -_- Filmy friend jo group me sab se pehle har new movie dekh ataa hai fir us k dialogues nd scenes suna suna k dimag khata hai 
Ironically the funniest moment is when a friend says "chal ab serious hokar baat karte hain" 
Friendship doesn't need daily conversation; doesn't always need togetherness. As long as the relationship lives in the heart; true friends will never part
So many of friendships have ended with,'We just stopped talking'.
If you don't call "Double battery" to that one friend who wears Spectacles. Then, Guys you are not living your life to the fulliest
The most important part about reaching the highest point in friendship.. isn't getting to the top, it's staying there. 
Don't count how many new friends you can make. Count how many old friends you can keep.
The real friendship is like fluorescence, it shines better when everything has darken.
If you have good friends, no matter how much life is sucking , they can make you laugh
If my best friend doesn't like you, I probably won't either
So many friendships end with "we just stopped talking.."
No matter how many new friends you make, you can get the real comfort from old friends only
As your best friend, it's my job to embarrass you :P
I like those friends whom I don't need to tell, "please don't tell this to anyone," while sharing something personal.
We all have that one best friend who turned into a complete stranger
It Is Not Important To have Long Friend List On Facebook and WhatsApp...But It is Important To Have at least One Friend Who Can Read your Face As a Book...and ask what's up...... :)
A true friend will surely find a reason to love you even when you have done something that you cannot mend.
Most friendships are like a delicate flower,eventually they dry & die..I am however a cactus,I will always be poking you so that you remember me...
Friends come and go but I wouldn't have thought you'd be one of them....
The most memorable people in life will be the FRIENDS Who loved you even when you weren't lovable....!!!
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: "What! You too? I thought I was the only one."
you can hug your best friend tightly and say,"I'm missing my love.." But you cant hug your love and say ... "I'm missing my best friend," because there is more "LOYALTY" in friendship than love.. :-))
"Everyone need a good friend but there are only few who want to be good for there friends"
It's great when two strangers become friends but its sad when two friends become strangers.
Maybe i don't have any assets to be proud of,But i have the heart that so tender and soft,I may not be a perfect,But i'll do my best just to prove...I'll be a good friend till the End.
Friendship is a promise made in the heart. Silent. Unwritten. Unbreakable by distance. Unchangeable by time. .
Lovers are fantastic. Best friends are awesome.
When two friends become lovers, that's ordinary. When two ex-lovers become friends, that's maturity...but it hurts alot!!
If two hearts are meant to be friends, no matter how long it takes, how far they go, how tough it seems, fate will bring them together to share friendship forever...!
Shakepare said: "A BoY AND A GIRL CAN NEVER BE FRIENDS FOREVER"
Minimum Love Is Friendship and Maximum Friendship is love.!
I guess, God made us friends for a reason..."coz our parents would've had a rough time, if we were born siblings !
In life it's not about having a thousand friends, it's about being able to count on the few true friends 1000 times over
Friendship is the Master Key that opens the gate of happiness..
Friendship is like standing on wet cement. The longer you stay, the harder it's to leave, and you can never go without leaving your footprints behind.
Friendship is a promise made in the heart, unbreakable by distance and unchangeable by time
I cried when i failed in 2 subjects,but... I smiled when i came to know my friend failed in 5 subjects :P :D I love my friend :D !!!
Best friends are there for you even if you refuse to talk to them. Because they know, deep down, the silence is killing you.
I Would Never Mind if You Don't Miss Me or You Don't Need Me .. But You Will Really Hurt Me When You Need Me And You Don't Tell Me.....
"FRIENDSHIP" is a Strange Thing.
The best way to stay close to someone is by being just friend...
Friendship Is Like "Kolaveri Di"... No Need To Understand..!! :P
You And Your Feelings Are Important To Your Friends Till They Are Single ;-) ;P
Friendship is delicate as a glass, once broken it can be fixed but there will always be cracks.
Every friendship doesn't change into love but every love begins with friendship.
True Friends look at you with no judgment in their eyes, they know you've made mistakes but they accept you for being human and help you right the wrongs.
Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It,s not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything
Shakespeare says,"Everyone has a BEST FRIEND during each stage of life, But Only lucky ones have the same friend in all stages of life."
I know we're just friend but it is quite hard to control my feelings for you the way you treated me the way you talk to me I don't know how will i control a feeling that might distroy our friendship
Friendship is always a sweet responsibilty, never an opportunity.
We've gone our separate ways and I know its for the best, but sometimes I wonder, will I ever have friends like you again?
To all my friends,when I die dont come near my body, dierctly come to hell,,, we will rock there
Modern definition of best friend - One who has most number of likes & comments on your posts on Facebook. :P
There are no such things as strangers,only friends we haven't met yet
Friends are like shoes, some loose some tight, some fit just right, they help you as you walk through life. "Thanks for being my size."
I love my CRAZY mental SOCIALLY CHALLENGED hyper friends!!
FRIEND is one who (F)inds you in a (R)ush of people (I)nspires you to do something in life, catches your (E)motions and (N)ever leaves you until (D)eath.
Good friends don't kick your ass, they tell you when you've been one but love u inspite of it! 
Frindship hurts more than LOVE because, When your love goes far from you, you have your friends with you But when your friends go far from you, you are Left Alone !
I never let my friends do stupid things ,,,,Alone !
Best friends are those who, when you show up at their door with a dead body, say nothing, grab a shovel, and follow you.
Most friendships are like a delicate flower,eventually they dry & die..I am however a cactus, I will always be poking you so that you remember me
A guy and a girl can be just friends, but at one point or another, they will fall for each other ,,,Maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late, or maybe forever.
The best kind of friend is the kind you can sit on a porch and swing with, never say a word, and then walk away feeling like it was the best conversation you've ever had.
The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing,,, not healing, not curing,,,, that is a friend who cares.
Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.
Distances never separate any relation,time never builds any relation. If feelings are true from heart, then friends are always friends forever.
frindship hurts more than LOVE because When your love goes far from you.you have your friends with you But when your friends go far from you. you are Left Alone !
You're the only one that can make me laugh when I don't even want to smile.
YOU know what's the best thing I ever had in this world ?....it's the first word of this message.
True Friendship brings sunshine to the shade & shade to the sunshine.
A Philosopher Said: "Choose Your 'Friend' Very Carefully, Because They Will Become Your "Introduction."
A true friend stabs you in the front.
Boyfriends come and go, but friends are forever.
Life is a railway station, in which Love is a train, it will come and go at any time, but Friendship is a track, it will be there for ever
Lips Don't Join When You Say L O V E,That Is a Sign Of Distance .But When You Say F R I E N D S H I P Lips Join,That Is a Sign Of Togetherness
Friends make mistakes but thats the part of friendship we forgive eachother no matter what :)
"When I say 'I MISS SCHOOL' it means my 'FRIENDS AND THE FUN' not the 'SCHOOL'."
Some people get so upset when you delete them from your fb friends list. What is the big deal it's not like we're real friends and hang out everyday. 
Change your pleasure but never change your friends
Just wanted to let you know that you are my BFBFF -Best Facebook Friend Forever
As time goes by, life has a way of rearranging itself. People enter your life, and inevitably, they leave as well. Things have a tendency to happen that can turn your world upside down. You'll come to realize eventually, that even though things are different, you are as well.
In the end we always return to the people that where there from the start.
When the angels ask what I loved most about life, I'll say you.
Love is not who you can see yourself with. It is who you can't see yourself without.
Keep your friends close but keep your enemies closer.
The best kind of friend is the kind you can sit on a porch with, never say a word, and walk away feeling like it was the best conversation you have ever had.
If you're upset, call me. I won't guarantee I'll make you laugh but I can cry with you. If you ever feel like you need to run away, call me. I won't guarantee I'll persuade you to stay but I can run with you. But, if one day you call and there's no answer... I might need you.
In the rhythm of life, we sometimes find ourselves out of tune. But as long as there are friends to provide the melody, the music plays on. Thanks for being one of my songs.
A good friend would bail you out of jail, but your best friend would be the one sitting next to you saying "damn that was awesome".
Your real friends aren't the ones you spend the most time with, but the ones you share the most memories with.
Friends pick us up when we fall down, and if they cannot pick us up, they lie down and listen for a while.
Even if we never talk again after tonight, please know that I am forever changed because of who you are and what you've meant to me.
Somehow I knew we would be friends. We'd have our fights, our ups and downs... but when the big things came along, we could work any thing out. We'd fight over guys... then laugh it off, because we learned it wasn't worth it. We knew that our friendship would make it through anything. It feels like we've been friends forever, even though its only been a short time. But no matter what, you've always been there when I needed you the most, and I love you to death for it.
The people who really care won't hurt you, but if they do, you'll see it in their eyes, for they'll be hurting too.
