God has solutions to problems you don’t even know about yet.
A single twig breaks, but the bundle of twigs is strong.
Where there is no struggle, there is no strength.
A good day for me is a one with equal joys and sorrows.
The first time I saw you, my heart whispered: That’s the one.
Every new idea that comes everyday is a new door towards success or failure, so pray hard before you open any door in your life.
That awkward moment when I hated when someone is suddenly always nice to you, and you do not know how to react.
I remmember the time I was kidnapped and they sent a piece of my finger to my father. He said he wanted more proof.
Is it just me, or are 80% of the people in the “people you may know” feature on Facebook people that I do know, but I deliberately choose not to be friends with?
A positive attitude gives you power over your circumstances instead of your circumstances having power over you.
Always spend your valuable time with your self…
When we cannot laugh on one joke again and again, why do we cry thinking about one hurt again and again?
Some people think I’m in depression, but I’m just realist in a depressing world.
As We Embark On This Journey Of Life , We Must Be Able To Stay True To Ourselves
The hard times make you realize the value of your happy moments.
The number one reason why people give up so fast is because they tend to look at how far they still have to go, instead of how far they have gotten.
Attention is the rarest and purest form of generosity
If someone won’t lift a finger to call you, see you or spend Time with you… Then it’s time for you to lift five fingers and wwave Good Bye..
Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better.
Lean to appreciate what you have, before time makes you appreciate what you had.
Good things comes to those who wait
Working for a better tomorrow doesn’t mean putting off what’s important today.
Don’t be ashamed to be different. Be proud that God made you like no one else.
To forgive is the highest, most beautiful form of love. In return, you will receive untold peace and happiness.
Silence and smile are two powerful tools. Smile is the way to solve many problems, silence is the way to avoid problems.
It doesn’t matter who hurt you or broke you down .. What matters is who made you smile again
The struggle you’re in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow.
The art of being happy is to be satisfied with what you have..
Don’t Let Little Stupid Things Break Your Happiness!!
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and think of what could go right.
A simple good night/good morning text means a lot by people who mean a lot to you.
Love is feeling both happy and sad at the same time: happy to have found someone special, sad that forever seems too short to be together.
Never give up on something you really want. it’s difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret.
A wise person is one who understands and respects others point of view as well.
Dear GOD, Please heal every wounded heart who are trying their best to smile ….. just to stop that wounded bleeding of past guilt and pain.
Don’t be fooled by a sweet talker. Believe someone whose actions and mouth speak the same truths.
One day someone is going to hug you so tight that all of your broken pieces will stick back together.
Advice for the day: Don’t burn your bridges if you don’t have a boat!
Life’s a stage and you only get one performance. Make it a good one.
The past is where you learned the lesson. The future is where you apply the lesson. Don’t give up in the middle.
A friend Is Someone Who knows All About You And Still Loves You.
You feel lonely not when no one cares about you, but when someone you expect to care does not care about you.
I was smiling yesterday, I am smiling today, and I will smile tomorrow simply cause life is too short to cry for anything.
My silence doesn’t mean I am ignoring you. I just love you so much that I hate fighting with you.
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure.
The distance between me and happiness is the distance between you and me.
Common sense is not a gift, it’s a punishment. That’s because you have to deal with everyone who doesn’t have it.
Friendship is like the relationship between the hand and the eyes. When the hand gets hurt, the eye cries and when the eye cries the hand wipes its tears.
You have to do what is right for you…. No one walks in your shoes.
The most powerful message is the one you cannot hear nor speak, but see and experience.
The purpose of prayer is not to receive what you asked for, but to strengthen your relationship with God.
A pretty face is nothing if you have an ugly heart.
Everyday is a new chance to be a better person, to do good and correct past mistakes.
Relationships are not an exam to pass or fail, or a competition to win or lose, but a feeling in which you care for someone more than yourself.
Speak in such a way that others love to listen to you. Lissten in such a way that others love to speak good to you.
I agree it’s easy to cry and easy to die but its not easy to say goodbye.
Silence is the best answer of all questions and smile is the best reaction in all situations.
S.I.N.G.L.E = Strong, Independent, Noticeable, Generous, Loving, Enlightened
If you want your children to turn out well, Spend twice as much TIME with them ,and half as much money.
People will always wish you the best, and then hate you when you have it.
I love those people who can make me laugh during those moments when I feel like I can’t even smile.
When we are together or when we are apart, you are first in my thoughts and first in my heart.
Some times in life we have to change our attitude to push ourselves into future.
We learn something from everyone who passes through our lives. Some lessons are painful, some are painless. but, all are priceless.
When life gets tough, remember: You were the strongest sperm.
What God knows about me is more important than what others think about me.
Everyone makes mistakes. If you can’t forgive others, don’t expect others to forgive you.
Everyone has secrets. Everyone has wounds, some deeper than others. But not everyone has someone to heal them.
Respect and Trust are two easiest things in life for someone to lose and the hardest things to get back.
No matter how much you worry about the future it’s going to happen. So let it.
It’s not the mistake that matters; It’s how you deal with it, what you learn from it, and how you apply that lesson to your life.
GOD wil never leave you empty. He will replace everything you lost. If he asks you to put something down, it’s because he wants you to pick up something greater.
Today will never come again. Be a blessing. Be a friend. Encourage someone. Take time to care. Let your words heal, and not wound.
Teaching your own mother how to use Facebook is like willingly signing your own death warrant.
Whether it’s a friendship or relationship, all bonds are built on trust. Without it, you have nothing.
Dream as you will live forever and live as you will die today.
Judging a person does not define who they are.  It defines who you are.
Don’t try to change people; Just love them! Love is what changes us.
You may lose the people you have. You may lose the things you have.  But no matter what happens …. Never lose yourself.
My brain won’t let me stop thinking about you and my heart won’t let me stop wanting you.
I dont know much about algebra but what I do know is you plus me equals forever.
Everytime I think of you, I get the biggest smile on my face and you still don’t understand how much you mean to me.
That depressing moment when you dip your cookie into milk for too long, it breaks off, and you wonder why bad things happen to good people.
When you choose to see the good in others, you end up finding the good in yourself.
Relationship is like a book, it takes few seconds to burn but years to write. So write it carefully n never let it burn.
There are some things that money just can’t buy. Like manners, morals and integrity.
Explaining why I love you is like explaining how water tastes “completely impossible”.
Don’t treat people as bad as they are ….. treat them as good as you are.
If what you see by the eye doesn’t please you, then close your eyes, and see from the heart.
I would love to meet the teenage version of my parents :)
It’s not the presence of someone that brings meaning to your life but its the way that someone touches your heart which gives your life a beautiful meaning.
Be happy, not b’coz everything is good but b’coz you can see the good side of everything.
It’s amazing how you walked into my life and now I can’t even remember how I lived without you.
Have faith that things will work out, maybe not how you planned but how it’s meant to be.
A short conversation with you is much important to me than a long conversation with someone else.
There are two ways of being RICH. One is to have all you want. The other is to be satisfied with what you have.
Be very careful about what you think. Your thoughts run your life.
I love people who can make me laugh, when I don’t even want to smile.
It’s so amazing when someone comes to your life and you expect nothing out of it but suddenly you realize it’s everything you ever needed.
Sometimes your heart needs more time to accept what your mind already knows.
Failure doesn’t come from falling down. Failure comes from not getting up.
Want your relationship to last? Keep people out of your business.
What you never did you should. These things are fun, and fun is good.
A good life is when you smile often, dream big, laugh a lot and realize how blessed you are for what you have.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
If you can’t fly then run, if you can’t run then walk, if you can’t walk then crawl but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.
Don’t count the things you have done for someone. Instead, count the number of times you felt better, coz you made them happy.
It doesn’t matter how you look, what your weight is or how much makeup you put on. The right guy will love you for what’s inside.
Success is a beautiful place, and only those who never give up will get the chance to be there.
May joy and happiness accompny you throughout day and night. Wishing you a very good friday.
I do believe that simple things really matter because even a simple misunderstanding could ruin everything.
Anyone who thinks that sunshine is pure happiness, has never danced in rain.
God will never take anything away from you without giving you something so much better.
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and focus on what could go right.
I am not as good as I should be, I am not as good as I could be but thank GOD I am better than I used to be.
You never leave my mind even when I have a million things to worry about.
It’s impossible to find somebody who will never make you cry. So get the next best thing, find someone who’s worth all the pain.
Sometimes all you can do is laugh to keep yourself from crying.
Sometimes the best thing that you can do is not think, not wonder, not imagine, not obsess. Just breathe and have faith that everything will work out for the best.
Be with someone who knows exactly what they have when they have you. Not someone who will realize it.
Just love, dont fall in love… Anything that falls gets broken…including Hearts.
I don’t know where I stand with you and I don’t know what I mean to you, all I know is that every time I think of you all I wanna do is be with you.
Work hard to get what you like, otherwise you will get forced to like what you get.
Good times become good memories and bad times become good lessons.
If you really love them, go for it because for every chance you throw away is another chance for them to be with someone else.
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
The ones who give the best advice are usually the ones with the most problems.
Standing alone doesn’t mean I am alone. It means I am strong enough to handle things all by myself.
I love photos, because the best thing about it is that it never changes even when the person in it does.
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they’ll notice. If they don’t, you know where you stand.
Often in life we forget the things we should remember and remember the things we should forget.
There is always one person in a relationship who loves more, cries more, get hurt most and even forgives more.
The best kind of relationship in the world is the one in which a sorry and a smile can make everything back to normal again.
People say find good people & leave bad ones. But it should be find the good in people & ignore the bad in them. No one is perfect.
Keep your heart open to dreams. For as long as there’s dream, there is hope and as long as there is hope, there is joy in living.
I live in a world full of people pretending to be something they are not.
My perfect day has nothing to do with the weather or what I’m doing. My perfect day is whenever I’m with you.
A heartbreak is a blessing from God. It’s his way of telling that he saved you from the wrong one.
Put your idea into action and you will succeed.
Never lie to someone who trusts you. Never trust someone who lies to you.
Hugs were invited to let people know how much you love them without having to say anything.
Even if we can’t be together in the end, I’m glad that you were a part of my life.
Sometimes its the smallest decisions that can change your life forever.
Time passes, memories fade, feelings change, people leave but hearts never forget.
You might feel worthless to one person but you are priceless to another. Don’t ever forget your value.
Sometimes the ones that you love the most are usually the ones that hurt you the most.
Everything in life can’t make you happy. Everything in a day can’t make you satisfied but there is one thing which makes you feel good … Thats the LOVE for you in someone’s eyes.
An enemy, who is honest and shows his/her hate openly is better than a friend who is liar and putting you down secretly.
It only takes one person to break your heart so when you pick your lover, choose the right one.
Not everything that is faced can be changed. But nothing can be changed until it is faced.
Be thankful for the bad things in life. They open your eyes to the good things you weren’t paying attention to before.
It doesn’t matter if the guy is perfect or the girl is perfect, as long as they are perfect for each other.
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful men keep moving. They make mistakes but they do not quit.
Laugh when you can, apologize when you should & let go of what you can’t change.
Happiness is not the absence of problems, it’s the ability to deal with them.
No matter how much you hurt me, I just can’t hurt you back.
Stay true to yourself b’coz there are very few people who will always be true to you.
We do not remember days. We remember moments. So enjoy every moment.
Lot of problems would never be problems if we could learn to talk to each other instead of about each other.
Success does not come to you. You have to go to it.
Woman is like a rose. When you treat her right she will bloom and if you don’t she wilts.
Once you care about a person, it’s impossible to be logical about them anymore.
If you can’t make it good. Atleast make it look good.
Happiest people don’t have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything.
When I am making a decision, I always try to follow my heart.
The happiest couples never have same characters. They have the best understanding of their differences.
I never stopped loving you, it’s just I stopped showing it.
Today be thankful and think how rich you are. Your family is priceless, your time is gold and your health is wealth.
Lets flip a coin, Head we will stay together and tails we will never leave each other.
Mistakes are sometimes the best memories.
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you will start having positive results.
When the world says “GIVE UP” Hope whispers, Try it one more time.
If you fight like a married couple, talk like a bestfriends, flirt like first love, protect each other link bro and sis, you are meant to be.
Every woman deserves a man who loves and respects her and every man deserves a woman who appreciates his all efforts.
Successful people have 2 things on their lips. “SILENCE AND SMILE” Smile to solve problem and silence to avoid problem.
Tongue has the slightest weight, yet some people cannot hold it.
I want to be the only shoulder, you want to cry on.
Telling people how you really feel is probably the hardest thing ever.
I turned out liking you a lot more than I originally planned.
Take risks …. If you win, you will be happy and if you lose, you will be wise.
Bad attitude is like a flat tire. You can’t go anywhere till you change it.
Stop saying “I WISH” Start saying “I WILL”
Life without you is like FACEBOOK without friends, YOUTUBE without videos and GOOGLE with no results.
I am not Perfect. I make mistakes and I hurt people. But when I say SORRY I actually MEAN it.
No one in this world is so busy. Their ego makes them busy & find no time to care others.
The Reason, Why my parents dont allow me to play with doll is because they want to teach me from my childhood that GIRL’s are not Toys to Play with.
Smile and let the whole world wonder why.
We do not see the world as it is, we see it as we are.
I can’t believe I am lucky enough to spend my life with you.
Money is replaceable, time is not.
Stop comparing yourself to others. You are you; nobody else could be you.
No matter what one has in life, everyday is not going to be a day in paradise.
Time, Friends, Health and Relations, Don’t come with a price tag but when we lost them then we realize the cost.
Good, Better, Best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best.
Sometimes you need to run away to see who will follow you.
You are my love, my passion, my pride. I always want you by my side.
If you are not the one, then why doses my heart tells me that you are?
Me + U We could make the world jealous!
Destiny is what it is or is it what we make it to be?
People can be divided into three groups: those who make things happen, those who watch things happen, and those who wonder what happened.
Nothing under the sun is ever accidental.
More tears are shed over answered prayers than unanswered ones.
There is no shame in losing but there is shame in not trying.
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.
It is better to die on your feet, then to live on your knees.
Dont be afraid to take big steps. You can not cross a chasm in two small jumps.
Sometimes you have to forget what you want & remember what you deserve.
Dont stop running if you find something worth chasing.
Love is not a matter of what happens in life. Its what’s happening in your heart.
Happiness is not ready made thing. It comes from your own actions. So if you want to be happy. Plan your actions accordingly.
God often removes someone from your life for a reason. Think before you chase after them.
Never hold on to your past it will effect your present and prevent you from moving toward your future.
There are only two things that shape your life. people around you & your attitude.
We’re not born winners, we’re not born losers.. We are born CHOOSERS
If GOD would have created something more beautiful than you, he would have kept it to himself.
You know whats the one thing we all do when we fall in love? We EXPECT. And it ruins everything.
Apologizing doesn’t always mean you are wrong and the other is right. It just means you value your relationship more than your ego.
Though our feelings come and go, God’s love for us does not.
If you want to feel rich, just count the things you have that money cant buy.
If a star fell each time I thought about you then the moon would truly realise what loneliness is really like.
The most romantic story is not Romeo and Juliet who died together, but grandpa and grandma who grew old together.
Every successful person has a painful story and every painful story has a successful ending. Accept the pain and get ready for success.
Sometimes I wish you would pay attention to my favorite songs, b’coz the lyrics say something I’m too afraid to say.
Love is the only thing that power cannot command and money cannot buy.
Nobody deserves your tears, but whoever deserves them will not make you cry.
You’ll never be brave if you don’t get hurt. You’ll never learn if you don’t make mistakes. You’ll never be successful if you don’t encounter failure.
Stop holding on to what hurts and make room for what feels good.
Our eyes are placed in front because it is more important to look ahead than to look back.
Excuse me, Can you show me where the real people are? I can’t seem to find them in this world.
The Bus: When you are trying to catch it, it drives so fast. When you are in it. Its so damn slow.
When people can walk away from you, let them walk. Your destiny is never tied to anybody who left.
Take time for friends ….. They are the source of happiness.
People hate what they can’t conquer, envy what they can’t get, and destroy what they already have.
The space between your heart and mine is the space we will fill with time.
Some people are more interested in other people’s life than their own.
The good you do today, people will often forget tomorrow. Do good anyway.
What you think; you attract. What you feel; you create. What you imagine; you become
The bad things in life open your eyes to the good things you weren’t paying attention to before.
Don’t think you are the best when you are at the top. Don’t think you are the worst when you are at the bottom.
To realise the value of ONE HOUR, ask the lovers who are waiting to meet.
Sometimes we wish we wouldn’t be too happy with what is temporary, because we don’t ever want to need something we know we can’t have forever.
I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Ideas are funny little things, they won’t work unless you do.
It’s not how good your work is, it’s how well you explain it.
Kissing is like drinking tea with a tea strainer, you can never get enough.
Be honest with the people who love you, they deserve your honesty.
Life is what happens to you while you are busy making other plans
I don’t have an attitude problem. You have a perception problem.
I may never be good enough for someone.. But I Will be the Best for them who Deserve Me…!!
I believe in LOVE at first sight because Im loving my MOM since I opened my eyes.
A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.
Opportunity is like ICE if you think more about it, It melts.
People are just about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
When Im alone, I think so many things to say to you but when i get a chance to tell, I go speechless.
To love is nothing. To be loved is something. To love and be loved is everything.
Your life is a gift from the Creator. Your gift back to the Creator is what you do with your life.
Every day may not be good… but there’s something good in every day.
You are never given a wish without being given the power to make it come TRUE.
Argument wins the situation but loses the person. So never argue with your loved ones; Because the situation is not important than Your Loved Ones.
If a drop of water falls in lake there is no identity.But if it falls on a leaf of lotus it shine like a pearl. Choose the best place where you would shine.
We have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is to be needed.
It’s hard to wait around for something you know may never happen; but it’s harder when you know it’s everything you want.’
Every time I find the meaning of life, they change it
Nothing improves the memory more than trying to forget.
Success woke me up, Motivation made me breakfast, Destiny gave me my agenda and the Lord gave me his blessings.
6 Keys to a healthy relationship, friendship, freedom, honesty, trust, understanding & communication.
You are what I always wanted.
Good times become good memories. Bad times become good lessons.
Sometimes you just have to move on and put that chapter of life in the past. Don’t close the book, just turn the page.
Think before you speak, sometimes its not what you said, it’s how you said it.
Don’t wait for things to get better, when you can make them better yourself..
Sometimes it is better to let go of some people from your life, to help them understand your value and importance in the future!
Its better to laugh without reason, than to cry for a worthless person.
Nothing lasts forever, not even your problems. Stay positive.
The Greatest thing in life is finding someone who knows all of your mistakes and weaknesses and still finds you completely amazing and will never walk away.
All a person needs is a hand to hold, and a heart to understand.
Nothing lasts forever, not even your problems. Stay positive.
Every memory is precious. Whether it is a bad one or a good one, they overall shape us for who we are today. So don’t let any of them go.
Life is like riding a bicycle, to keep yourself balance you have to keep moving.
Forget what you heard, recognize what you see. I know you heard the rumors, now here’s the real me.
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life. It goes on.
Every day may not be good, but there’s something good in every day.
Do something good every day.
Accomplish what others say you cannot do.
That awkward moment when you`re yelling at someone and you mess up a word.
The less attention you give someone, the more they`ll give you.
The only unreachable dream is the one that you don`t reach for.
Your goal should be to help people. And if you can`t help them, then at least don`t hurt them.
It`s the hardest thing to let someone go when you have no other choice but to let go.
‎A friend is like a rainbow. They brighten your life when you`ve been through a storm.
Don`t make promises you can`t keep.
Don`t be afraid to get hurt, it might be the start of a true happiness!
Don`t expect to get anything if you`re not willing to work for it.
People who never fail are people who learn the least. Don`t be afraid to fail. Grab the lesson, fight better!
In the end, some of your greatest pains become some of your greatest strengths.
We all need mirrors to remind ourselves who we are.
It`s nice to be important but it`s important to be nice..
They say to dream big but did they say for how long?
A good friend knows all your best stories. A best friend has lived them with you.
You can’t wake a person who is pretending to be asleep.
