I fell in love with u, I don’t know why or how. I just did.
You can’t find love. Love is something that finds you .
Love can be hard at times, btu true love is worth the effort.
Saving love doesn’t bring any interest.
Your cute smile is all I need to battle all struggles in my life.
Love is meant to make you happy, not sad. What’s the use of LOVE, if it makes you MAD :)
You know you are in love when you read a thousand love quotes and there’s one person you think about the whole time.
Every once in a while, someone comes into your life and you will wonder how you ever lived life without him. That’s love.
♥ True love doesn’t have a happy ending. It has NO ending ♥
I want to show you how much I love you, but to show that I’ll have to show you how big the universe is because I love you so much.
Love is blind. I know, because you don’t see me.
“Love is a lot like a backache, it doesn’t show up on X-rays, but you know it’s there.”
Sometimes you don`t want to fall in love but your heart doesn’t ask your permission.
Cute Way TØ Express The LØve:”My Life did not begin with you..,But I wish my Life should end with you….
You know what takes real courage? Telling someone you love them and expect nothing in return, not even love.
Believe in love hope for love. Pray for love. But don’t put your life on hold waiting for love.
This morning with her having coffee…
And if we ever meet again, I would love to tell you about every road I’ve traveled without you!
There was something magical about those eyes. It kinda hypnotized me to believe that none of my problems actually existed. It calmed me down taking me to a completely different world where only I and her existed. 👫
Not everyone has the guts to love the same person with the same feelings till the end.
If you can’t explain how much you love me, it’s okay, because I know not all things in the world can be explained.
You are the first and last thing on my mind each and every day.
I love hugging.  I wish I was an octopus, so I could hug ten people at a time.
Love knows no reasons, love knows no lies, love defies all reasons. Love has no eyes but love is not blind. Love sees but doesn’t mind.
Love means that you accept a person with all their failures, stupidities, ugly points, and nonetheless, you see perfection in imperfection itself.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
LOVE IS LIKE A WIND,WE CAN’T SEE IT. BUT WE CAN FEEL IT:) Best Love Quotes or Statuses
Someone asked me How’s life? I just smiled and replied, She’s fine :)
Love is friendship set to music- Joseph Compbell
You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet..
To be brave is to love someone unconditionally, without expecting anything in return…
Falling in love is only half of what i want . Staying in love with you till forever is the other..
Most of conflicts and tensions are due to language. Don’t pay so much attention to the words. In love’s country, language doesn’t have its place. Love is mute.
Trhing to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never met…
Loving is not just looking at each other, it’s looking in the same direction.
Always hold the door open for a lady. Not because she is lady but because you are a gentleman…
I love the girl who is reading this….
A person who hates everyone now, once loved someone too much…
he number one rule of love; you can never be just friends with someone that you’re in love with.
You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
I am in love with your smile, your voice, your body, your laugh, your eyes. But most of all, i am in love with you…
Whata you give to another person is really what you give to yourself. When you treat others with love, you learn that your’re lovable…
It doesn’t matter how you look, what your weight is or how much makeup you put on… The right guy will love you for what’s inside your heart…
Love is the only gift that we hope will be returned.
It all comes down to the last person you think of at night. That’s where your heart is..
Hi heart broken ladies and gents. I love each and every one of you. That’s all!!!
When you find someone you love, never take them for granted because one day they might not be there….
Love is so strong but some people are too weak to love back. I had the choice for love but i am not strong enough to love him back!!
Real love is not based on romance, candle light dinner and walks along the beach. Infact, it is based on Respect, Compromise, Care and trust..
The more you hide your feelings for someone. The more you fall for them.
If she’s your girl.. hug her, kiss her, tell her that you miss her, spoil her, love her, and never let her feel like she’s in competition..
you are the reason why i smile , i love, i breath, i live…
First dates are awkward; First kisses are heavenly; First love is irreplaceable; And first heartbreaks are unforgettable. Dear sweetheart, always please remain my first and the last love!
The one you love is closer than you think…
Love is a drug use it responsibly…
The spaces between your fingers were created so that another’s could fill them in..
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies…
Don’t change so people will like you. Be yourself and the right people will love the real you…
if love is true …it will always find a way
Don’t ask me why i love you, because i will have to explain to why i live….
WHAT EACH KISS MEANS” – Kiss on the Forehead: We’re cute together . – Kiss on the Cheek: We’re friends. – Kiss on the Hand: I adore you. – Kiss on the Neck: I want you, now. – Kiss on the Shoulder: Your perfect. – Kiss on the Lips: I LOVE YOU…
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
There is no remedy for love but to love more.
The first duty of love is to listen.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
Not all relationships are meant to last forever, even when youre in love. Because some love stories are short stories.
Love is not time pass..
i love you, and i’m always gonna love you. But i don’t want to love you i wanna be happy..
You make me smile more than anyone else in world.
You dont need a reason to fall in love….
I find the best way to love someone is not to change them, but instead, help them reveal the greatest version of themselves.
They told me that to make her fall in love, I had to make her laugh.. but every time she laughs I’m the one who fall in love.!!
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind.
Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses.
Main din ko kahu raat, wo ikraar kare Meri hasrat hai ki koi, yun bhi mujhe pyar kare..
A flower cannot blossom without sunshine and man cannot live without love..
I just want to be with you forever!!
The best love is the one that makes you a better person, without changing you into someone other than yourself..
Live is just a word untill someone special gives it a meaning..
Love is cute when it’s new, but love is most beautiful when it lasts.
A simple “HELLO” can be so sweet… H= How r u? E= Every thing ok L= Like to c u  L= love 2 hear from u O=Obviously I Miss u! so…. HELLO!
Love Is Eearnd Not Bought !
Love doesn’t need a reason. Pure Love will come from the heart without reason. And stay every season.
Love is two hearts beating as one.
Love is never complicated ….. people are complicated here!! :(
Love is never complicated ….. people are complicated here
Dear GOd, NO matter what happens, give me hte heart that is willing to obey you whatever the cost may be love me..
Love is a gamble, you take a chance, let your heart go, like a dice, you never know the result… until the end…
To fall in love is awfully simple; to fall out of love is simply awful!!!!
YOu can never e just friends with somebody you used to love, simply because a little part of you will always love them!!!
If you are brave to say Good bye life will reward you with a “New hello”
you have no idea how fast my heart races when i see you…
I don’t want anyone else to have your heart, kiss your lips, be in your arms, be the one you love. I don’t want anyone to take my place.
The few hours i spend with you are worth the thousand hours i spend without you..
Falling in love is when she falls asleep in your arms and wakes up in your dreamss!!!
Percect love is the most beautiful of all furstrations because it is more than one can  Express.
One day you’ll meet someone who doesn’t care about your past because they want to be with you in your future.
True love doesn’t have a happy ending. True love doesn’t have and ending.
Love is a gamble, you take a chance, let your heart go, like a dice, you never know the result… until the end..
Love has 4 let- tears but so does Hate friends has 7 letters, but so does enenies truth has 5 letters, but so does lying….
No time for love …………. :/
Love who you are and whatever you do don’t change for anyone because as soon as you do you might forget who you are!!
“I m single” because God is busy writting the best love story for me:)
The best way to love is to love like you have never been hurt.
“WHAT EACH KISS MEANS” – Kiss on the Forehead: We’re cute together . – Kiss on the Cheek: We’re friends. – Kiss on the Hand: I adore you. – Kiss on the Neck: I want you, now. – Kiss on the Shoulder: Your perfect. – Kiss on the Lips: I LOVE YOU…
It was love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight.
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun.
Love is friendship set on fire!!!!
“You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back”
Everyone who is in your life is meant to be a part of that journey, but not all of them are meant to stay!!!
Sometimes it’s not the butterflies that tell you you’re in love, but the pain.
Hurricanes Couldn’t Remove You From MY Mind. You’re My World And I’m Incapable Of Not Loving you.
Love is an energy WHICH Exists Of itself. It is its own value.
When you are in love … you wake up a little happier in the morning.
Do Not Waste Your Life Trying To Impress Other People. Do What You Love,Love What You do.
If you hide, I’ll seek for you. If you’re lost, I’ll search for you. If you leave, I’ll wait for you. If they try to take you away from me, I’ll fight for you. B’coz I never want to lose someone I love.
Love doesn’t need a reason. Pure love will come from the heart without reason and it’ll stay every season.
What you give from the heart, always comes back to the heart, for love always finds its way back home.
Love you 2day + Love you 2morrow = Love you 4ever
Don’t be afraid to give love more than you receive. Because love does not need to be equal or fair, it only needs to be true.
Love doesn’t need to be equal or be fair, it only needs to be real.
Love is when you fight to be with special someone even when everything and everybody is pulling you apart.
Great love can make a weak man strong, true love can make brave man fall to his knees.
Let the love in your heart be the light that guides you through your darkest moments.
Isn’t it strange how love can be the happiest thing ever, but also cause the most pain.
It’s not the one you love the longest, but the one you love deepest; that forever stays in your heart!
After all of my mistakes, would you still love me?
All relationships have one law: Never make the one you love feel alone, especially when you are there.
LOVE is the other name of respect. If you can’t respect your loved one then you don’t deserve to be loved.
What is the most peaceful romantic moment?  Its when your lover is sleeping and you are watching her/his face with Love.
I trust you is better than I love you. why? Because you can’t always trust the one you love, but you can always love the one you trust.
Sometimes it is easier to be with someone you can’t love, than to admit you love someone you can’t have.
Love is not complicated, people are.
Love is not just about finding the right person. But creating a right relationship.
You don’t love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful b’coz you love her.
Don’t believe the guy who tells you that he loves you. Believe the guy who shows you that he loves you.
Love is when someone breaks your heart and you still love them with broken pieces.
Its hard to pretend you love someone when you dont. But its harder to pretend you dont love someone when you really do.
Nothing will ever change the sky from blue, just as nothing will ever change my love for you.
Never compare your love story to those in movies b’coz those were written by scriptwriters & yours is written by GOD.
I’m not perfect. I’ll annoy you, say stupid things but I’ll always love you.
♥ Love is like jumping into ice cold water, it takes your breath away every time.
The one thing you can never get enough of is LOVE and the one thing we never give enough is LOVE.
A great relationship doesn’t happen b’coz of the love you had in the beginning but how well you continue building love until the end.
All that I want from you is to tell me that you love and mean it.
When you know why you like someone, its crush. When you have no reason or explanation, it’s love.
One of the happiest things on earth is when you know you are in love with someone who loves you more.
Love is not about leading or following… It’s about breathing together.
Sometimes, love has its ups and downs, in’s and out’s. All it takes is two strong devoted people.
Real love is not based on romance, candle light dinner and walks along the beach. In fact, is based on respect, compromise, care and trust.
If you want to find love then look right infront of you. The one that laughs at your stupid jokes and always there for you. Just open your eyes.
Love is not who you can see yourself with. It is who you can’t see yourself without.
Love is a form of AMNESIA when a girl forgets there are 1.2 billion other guys in the world.
Love is to think about someone else more times in a day than you think about yourself.
The difference between like, love and in love is the same difference between for now, for a while and forever.
Love doesn’t need a reason. Pure love will come from the heart without reason and it’ll stay every season.
You know what’s the one wrong thing we all do when we fall in love? WE EXPECT and it just ruins everything.
LOVE is when you don’t know why you seem to be attracted to that person.
Its so easy to fall in love but hard to find someone who will catch you.
Everybody knows how to love but few people know how to stay in love with one person forever.
No one has ever loved anyone the way everyone wants to be loved.
It’s amazing how stupid you can be when you are in love.
I only want you to love me.
Love is not what the mind thinks, but what the heart feels.
Love is a language spoken by everyone but understood only by heart.
Once you care about a person, it’s impossible to be logical about them anymore.
Why is it that we love the ones who ignore us and ignore the ones who love us?
Hi … A word that is too simple. But admit it, This is where the love starts :)
Just b’coz someone tells you they love you doesn’t mean they actually do.
I love it when I see old couples in love b’coz it makes me believe that TRUE LOVE does exist.
It takes a strong heart to LOVE but it takes an even stronger heart to LOVE after its been BROKEN.
Lust is when you remember face and forget the feeling. Love is when you forget the face and can LIVE on the feeling.
One thing is for sure, Love keeps us going when everything else stops moving.
When you cant believe your eyes, you can always trust your heart. Love makes anything possible.
Nothing is perfect in love. If you expect it to be, better be ready for disappointment.
LOVE does not need to be perfect. It just needs to be TRUE.
Someone still loves you more than anything else.
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
The easiest thing in life is to love someone and hardest part is finding someone who loves you back the same.
Love is just a word. But when your BF says it, they give it a meaning.
True love can be felt more in the silence than in the words.
I finally got my past, present and future correct today. I loved you. I love you. I will love you forever.
True love does not have a happy ending, because true love never ends.
Love happens whether you want it to or not. Don’t try to control it.
Yes I know, with you I will be in love forever
We can only know love by loving.
Love is sweet when its new, but sweeter when its true.
Love is like quicksand. The more you are in it the deeper you sink.
I wonder what it feels like to be with the one you love and know He/She loves you back.
What was the point of having unending life if that life was without love?
Love works a different way in different minds, the fool it enlightens and the wise it blinds.
Love. is about taking risks together and staying strong for one another if things dont turn out as good as planned.
Love is not blind. It just only sees what matters.
Love can do nothing, but without it nothing can be done.
The worst feeling in the world is giving all the love you have and knowing it will never be returned.
Love is the only game never postponed due to darkness :)
It is a risk to love. What if it doesnt work out? but what if it does?
Just because two people argue, it does not mean they dont love each other. And just because they don’t argue, it does not mean they do.
Love because it is the only true adventure.
You and love came to my life at the very same moment.
There is no true love and false love. What you feel as love is love.
I was looking for love until I found you.
When guys lie, they say they love you. When girls lie, they say they don’t.
Love makes two equal to eleven and one equal to nothing.
I can love anyone like the way I loved you but no one can love you the way I did.
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.
When you have nothing left but love, then for the first time you become aware that love is enough.
Love cures people – Both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
Lucky is the man who is the first love of a woman, but luckier is the woman who is the last love of a man.
Love is the dawn of marriage, and marriage is the sunset of love.
Love is what makes two people sit in the middle of a bench when there is plenty of room at both ends.
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things.
In true love the smallest distance is too great, and the greatest distance can be bridged.
Some men say they love their women till the end of the world, I don’t. I want to love you beyond the end of the world.
Love is always open arms. If you close your arms about love you will find that you are left holding only yourself.
Love is to feel what the other is feeling even if they are far away.
Love makes the wildest spirit tame, and the tamest spirit wild.
Love deeply and passionately. You might get hurt but it’s the only way to live life completely.
It is not being in LOVE that makes me happy… But it is being in LOVE with you that makes in happy !!!!
You can’t make someone love you. All you can do is be someone who can be loved. The rest is up to the person to realize your worth.
Trouble is part of your life. If you don’t share it, you don’t give the person who loves you a chance to love you enough.
The more and more I spend time with you, the more and more I realize I am doing the one thing I told myself I would never do again and thats Falling in love
I don’t know if I like you or love you, want you or need you, all I know is I love the feeling I get when I’m near you.
Loving is not just looking at each other, it’s looking in the same direction.
Love at first sight is easy to understand; it’s when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.
Love is like swallowing hot chocolate before it has cooled off. It takes you by surprise at first, but keeps you warm for a long time.
Love is giving someone the power to destroy you but trusting them not to.
Love is hard to get into, but even harder to get out of.
Never waste an opportunity to tell someone you love them.
You can fall from the sky, You can Fall From a Tree, but the best way to fall is in love with me.
Remember that the best relationship is one in which your love for each other exceeds your need for each other.
Love is weakest when there is more doubt than trust but LOVE is strongest when we learn to trust in spite of the doubts.
I never knew how to live, until I knew how to love…………..You!
Love is just love, it can never be explained.
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again ?
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
Love is like a rumor, Everyone talks about it, but no one truly knows.
As the ocean is never full of water, so is the heart never full of love.
Love would never be a promise of a rose garden unless it is showered with light of faith, water of sincerity and air of passion.
Love is not blind; it simply enables one to see things others fail to see.
I really didn’t fall in love with him, I promise. I just liked him more than I could ever imagine.
Love is a feeling you feel when you feel that your going to feel a feeling that you’ve never felt before.
Falling in love is like jumping off a building. Your mind says dont do it you will DIE but your heart says Just do it, I can FLY.
Falling in love is the single most expressive feeling a person can have. Losing that love suddenly, can be the most painful feeling a person can have.
I’ve fallen in love many times… always with you.
Love is only blind for those who are not looking in the desired direction.
Love and forgiveness cannot be separated. To truly love, you must forgive. To truly forgive, you must love. Forgive and move forward to a life of true love.
Love is one long sweet dream, and marriage is the alarm clock.
If people are truly, madly, deeply in love with each other, they will find a way.
Argument wins the situation but loses the person. So never argue with your loved ones; Because the situation is not important than Your Loved Ones.
Never fall in love with your best friend because there is no being friends when it doesn’t work out.
Love is gambling, not with money but with your heart. You can always get money back, but you might not get your heart back.
Love is like the wind you cant see it but you can feel it.
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never met.
Let’s commit the perfect crime… I’ll steal your heart, and you steal mine.
Just because someone doesn’t love you the way you want them to, does not mean they don’t love you with everything they have.
I want a real relationship not a facebook one
I know they say that first love is the sweetest, but that first cut is the deepest.
Love lasts when the relationship comes first
When you love someone and you know that they don’t love you it is like a million knifes going through your heart.
The best feeling is when you look at him & he is already staring at you.
Love is a maze, life is a riddle, and I`m just a little bit caught in the middle.
Love has no ending, especially Gods love..
If you just want them to be happy even if it costs you your own happiness. that’s true love.
I have always been afraid of losing people i love, but sometimes i keep asking myself, Is there anyone who’s afraid of losing me too?
Be careful to whom you give Ur heart because when you give Ur heart to sum1, you’re not only giving that person the right to love you but the power to hurt you.
Loving me may not be easy, but I promise you it’s totally worth it..
When you’re growing in love with someone, it’s wonderful to watch your friends and family falling in love with that person too.
Never change yourself for someone. Be what you are and let them love your original copy..
The person who loves you the most is the one you see in the mirror..
Love is the irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
The higher you build the walls around your heart, the harder you fall when someone finally breaks them down.
Love is an adventure, you must face some difficulties and challenges before you get what you want.
Love & trust are based on facts & acts, one wrong act can break one’s trust, whereas one small fact can make one fall in love.
LOVE when you are ready, not when you are lonely.
Sometimes, we have to fight for what we love and care about. But sometimes, we have to find the strength to let it go.
Pull your heart out of its comfort zone. You’d never learn how to love unless you’d learn how to get hurt.
Just when I thought that love had forgotten me, you walked into my life. Now I know that love hadn’t forgotten me, it was just waiting to send me the best!
sometimes, i miss the feeling of being in love. but when i feel how much it hurts, I’d rather miss it than to feel it again
If you want to be happy with a boy love him less and understand him more and if u want to be happy with girl love her more BUT NEVER TRY TO UNDERSTAND HER
When people laugh and ask me what I see in you, I laugh and tell them everything you don’t.
Live without pretending, Love without depending, Listen without defending, Speak without offending.
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
To love in spite of all is the secret of greatness & may very well be the greatest secret in this universe.
I just love life. I mean, you know, I love every second of it. I love people.
Any man can love a thousand women,but a good man loves one woman a thousand ways..
It’s easier to be with someone you can’t love, than to admit you love someone you can’t have.
Love doesn’t start in morning & doesn’t end in evening.. It starts when u don’t need it & ends wen u need it most..
Love is a choice you make from moment to moment…
We can only learn to love by loving…
We cannot love or hate something until we’ve understood it.
Loving someone and having them love you back is the most precious thing in the world.
To love in spite of all is the secret of greatness, and may very well be the greatest secret in this universe.
Sometimes we let affection go unspoken and our love go unexpressed. Especially towards those we love the best.
Appreciate people if you want to be appreciated. Love people if you want to be loved.
I thought I was over him, till he said he loved someone else..
I believe in love at first sight  as, i am loving my mom since i opened my eyes ..
Saving love doesn’t bring any interest.
Now I know how it feels; finding love, was finding you.
The difference between ‘like’, ‘love’ and ‘in love’ is the same difference between “for now”, “for awhile” and “forever”.
No regrets just love..
God loves me even when I don’t forward those chain letters.
I know your heart belongs to someone you’ve yet to meet. Someday you will be loved.
Do you belive in love at first site, or should I walk by again?
I’m not smiling at you, I’m trying not to laugh..
Love is when someone makes u miserable all the time and you still think it’s worth it.
If loving you is wrong, I don’t wanna be right .
Love is blind. I know, because you don’t see me.
Love is the Mystery which is best unsolved.
Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a teardrop.
The hottest love has the coldest end.
The ones that you love the most are usually the ones that hurt you the most.
Love is only when a mother loves her kidz, the rest is pure lust.
Every once in a while, someone comes into your life and you will wonder how you ever lived life without him. That’s love.
